TagName,Count,Description
"javascript","2334428","For questions regarding programming in ECMAScript (JavaScript/JS) and its various dialects/implementations (excluding ActionScript). Note JavaScript is NOT the same as Java! Please include all relevant tags on your question; e.g., [node.js], [jquery], [json], [reactjs], [angular], [ember.js], [vue.js], [typescript], [svelte], etc."
"python","1888123","Python is a multi-paradigm, dynamically typed, multi-purpose programming language. It is designed to be quick to learn, understand, and use, and enforces a clean and uniform syntax. Please note that Python 2 is officially out of support as of 2020-01-01. Still, for version-specific Python questions, add the [python-2.7] or [python-3.x] tag. When using a Python variant (e.g. Jython, PyPy) or library (e.g. Pandas, NumPy), please include it in the tags."
"java","1826880","Java is a high-level object oriented programming language. Use this tag when you're having problems using or understanding the language itself. This tag is frequently used alongside other tags for libraries and/or frameworks used by Java developers."
"c#","1521772","C# (pronounced ""see sharp"") is a high level, statically typed, multi-paradigm programming language developed by Microsoft. C# code usually targets Microsoft's .NET family of tools and run-times, which include .NET, .NET Framework and Xamarin among others. Use this tag for questions about code written in C# or about C#'s formal specification. "
"php","1427966","PHP is a widely used, open source, general-purpose, multi-paradigm, dynamically typed and interpreted scripting language originally designed for server-side web development. Use this tag for questions about programming in the PHP language."
"android","1364233","Android is Google's mobile operating system, used for programming or developing digital devices (Smartphones, Tablets, Automobiles, TVs, Wear, Glass, IoT). For topics related to Android, use Android-specific tags such as android-intent, android-activity, android-adapter, etc. For questions other than development or programming, but related to the Android framework, use this link: https://android.stackexchange.com."
"html","1113566","HTML (HyperText Markup Language) is the markup language for creating web pages and other information to be displayed in a web browser. Questions regarding HTML should include a minimal reproducible example and some idea of what you're trying to achieve. This tag is rarely used alone and is often paired with [CSS] and [JavaScript]."
"jquery","1022905","jQuery is a JavaScript library, consider also adding the JavaScript tag.   jQuery is a popular cross-browser JavaScript library that facilitates Document Object Model (DOM) traversal, event handling, animations and AJAX interactions by minimizing the discrepancies across browsers. A question tagged jQuery should be related to jQuery, so jQuery should be used by the code in question and at least jQuery usage-related elements need to be in the question."
"c++","754278","C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It was originally designed as an extension to C and has a similar syntax, but it is now a completely different language. Use this tag for questions about code (to be) compiled with a C++ compiler. Use a version-specific tag for questions related to a specific standard revision [C++11], [C++14], [C++17], [C++20] or [C++23], etc."
"css","748298","CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is a representation style sheet language used for describing the look and formatting of HTML (HyperText Markup Language), XML (Extensible Markup Language) documents and SVG elements including (but not limited to) colors, layout, fonts, and animations. It also describes how elements should be rendered on screen, on paper, in speech, or on other media."
"ios","666762","iOS is the mobile operating system running on the Apple iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Use this tag [ios] for questions related to programming on the iOS platform. Use the related tags [objective-c] and [swift] for issues specific to those programming languages."
"mysql","640123","MySQL is a free, open source Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) that uses Structured Query Language (SQL).  DO NOT USE this tag for other DBs such as SQL Server, SQLite etc.  Those are different DBs which all use their own dialects of SQL to manage the data."
"sql","620137","Structured Query Language (SQL) is a language for querying databases. Questions should include code examples, table structure, sample data, and a tag for the DBMS implementation (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MS SQL Server, IBM DB2, etc.) being used. If your question relates solely to a specific DBMS (uses specific extensions/features), use that DBMS's tag instead. Answers to questions tagged with SQL should use ISO/IEC standard SQL."
"r","436379","R is a free, open-source programming language & software environment for statistical computing, bioinformatics, visualization & general computing.  Please use minimal reproducible example(s) others can run using copy & paste. Show desired output.  Use dput() for data & specify all non-base packages with library().  Don't embed pictures for data or code, use indented code blocks instead. For statistics questions, use https://stats.stackexchange.com."
"node.js","418578","Node.js is an event-based, non-blocking, asynchronous I/O runtime that uses Google's V8 JavaScript engine and libuv library. It is used for developing applications that make heavy use of the ability to run JavaScript both on the client, as well as on server side and therefore benefit from the re-usability of code and the lack of context switching."
"arrays","383457","An array is an ordered linear data structure consisting of a collection of elements (values, variables, or references), each identified by one or more indexes. When asking about specific variants of arrays, use these related tags instead: [vector], [arraylist], [matrix]. When using this tag, in a question that is specific to a programming language, tag the question with the programming language being used."
"c","374013","C is a general-purpose programming language used for system programming (OS and embedded), libraries, games and cross-platform. This tag should be used with general questions concerning the C language, as defined in the ISO 9899 standard (the latest version, 9899:2018, unless otherwise specified — also tag version-specific requests with c89, c99, c11, etc). C is distinct from C++ and it should not be combined with the C++ tag absent a rational reason."
"asp.net","366757","ASP.NET is a Microsoft web application development framework that allows programmers to build dynamic web sites, web applications and web services. It is useful to use this tag in conjunction with the project type tag e.g. [asp.net-mvc], [asp.net-webforms], or [asp.net-web-api]. Do NOT use this tag for questions about ASP.NET Core - use [asp.net-core] instead."
"reactjs","363796","React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. It uses a declarative, component-based paradigm and aims to be both efficient and flexible."
"json","334076","JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) is a serializable data interchange format intended to be machine and human readable. Do not use this tag for native JavaScript objects or JavaScript object literals. Before you ask a question, validate your JSON using a JSON validator such as JSONLint (https://jsonlint.com)."
"ruby-on-rails","330527","Ruby on Rails is an open source full-stack web application framework written in Ruby. It follows the popular MVC framework model and is known for its ""convention over configuration"" approach to application development."
".net","315548","Do NOT use for questions about .NET Core - use [.net-core] instead. The .NET framework is a software framework designed mainly for the Microsoft Windows operating system. It includes an implementation of the Base Class Library, Common Language Runtime (commonly referred to as CLR), Common Type System (commonly referred to as CTS) and Dynamic Language Runtime. It supports many programming languages, including C#, VB.NET, F# and C++/CLI."
"sql-server","314787","Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management system (RDBMS). Use this tag for all Microsoft SQL Server editions including Compact, Express, Azure, Fast-track, APS (formerly PDW) and Azure SQL DW. Do not use this tag for other types of DBMS (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.). Do not use this tag for issues on software and mobile development, unless it is directly related to the database."
"swift","308964","Swift is a general-purpose programming language developed by Apple Inc first released in 2014 for its platforms and Linux. Swift is open-source. Use the tag only for questions about language features, or requiring code in Swift. Use the tags [ios], [ipados], [macos], [watch-os], [tvos], [swiftui], [cocoa-touch], and [cocoa] for (language-agnostic) questions about the platforms or frameworks."
"python-3.x","305821","USE ONLY IF YOUR QUESTION IS VERSION-SPECIFIC. For questions about Python programming that are specific to version 3+ of the language. Use the more generic [python] tag on all Python questions. Use the [python-2.x] tags for Python 2 questions."
"objective-c","292237","This tag should be used only on questions that are about Objective-C features or depend on code in the language. The tags [cocoa] and [cocoa-touch] should be used to ask about Apple's frameworks or classes. Use the related tags [ios], [macos], [apple-watch] and [tvos] for issues specific to those platforms."
"django","284652","Django is an open-source server-side web application framework written in Python. It is designed to reduce the effort required to create complex data-driven websites and web applications, with a special focus on less code, no-redundancy and being more explicit than implicit."
"angular","271386","Questions about Angular (not to be confused with AngularJS), the web framework from Google. Use this tag for Angular questions which are not specific to an individual version. For the older AngularJS (1.x) web framework, use the AngularJS tag."
"angularjs","262336","Use for questions about AngularJS (1.x), the open-source JavaScript framework. Do NOT use this tag for Angular 2 or later versions; instead, use the [angular] tag."
"excel","258253","Only for questions on programming against Excel objects or files, or complex formula development. You may combine the Excel tag with VBA, VSTO, C#, VB.NET, PowerShell, OLE automation, and other programming related tags and questions if applicable.  General help regarding Excel for single worksheet functions is available at Super User (http://superuser.com/)."
"regex","247534","Regular expressions provide a declarative language to match patterns within strings. They are commonly used for string validation, parsing, and transformation. Because regular expressions are not fully standardized, all questions with this tag should also include a tag specifying the applicable programming language or tool. Do not post questions asking for an explanation of what a symbol means or what a particular regular expression will match."
"pandas","232465","Pandas is a Python library for data manipulation and analysis, e.g. dataframes, multidimensional time series and cross-sectional datasets commonly found in statistics, experimental science results, econometrics, or finance. Pandas is one of the main data science libraries in Python."
"ruby","222821","Ruby is a multi-platform open-source, dynamic object-oriented interpreted language. The [ruby] tag is for questions related to the Ruby language, including its syntax and its libraries. Ruby on Rails questions should be tagged with [ruby-on-rails]."
"iphone","221392","DO NOT use this tag unless you are addressing Apple's iPhone and/or iPod touch specifically. For questions not dependent on hardware, use the tag [ios]. More tags to consider are [xcode] (but only if the question is about the IDE itself), [swift], [objective-c] or [cocoa-touch] (but not [cocoa]). Please refrain from questions regarding the iTunes App Store or about iTunes Connect. If using C#, tag with [mono]."
"ajax","218741","AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) is a technique for creating interactive website user interfaces without the traditional web page refresh or reload. It uses asynchronous data exchange between client and server to update displayed information and respond to user interactions seamlessly. Include additional tags for programming languages, libraries, frameworks, web browser, protocols and other environmental information."
"linux","212775","NOTICE: All Linux questions must be related to programming; those that aren't will be closed.  Use this tag only if your question relates to programming using Linux APIs or Linux-specific behavior, not just because you happen to run your code on Linux. If you need Linux support you can try https://unix.stackexchange.com or the specific Linux distribution's Stack Exchange site like https://askubuntu.com or https://elementaryos.stackexchange.com/"
"xml","206535","XML (Extensible Markup Language) is a structured document format defining text encoding rules. When using this tag include additional tags such as programming language, tool sets, XML technologies being used, and other tags describing the environment of the problem posted. XML flexibility lends to a wide variety of uses for human and machine data transfer so be specific as to tools and libraries. "
"asp.net-mvc","196929","The ASP.NET MVC Framework is an open source web application framework and tooling that implements a version of the model-view-controller (MVC) pattern tailored towards web applications and built upon an ASP.NET technology foundation."
"vba","196226","Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) is an event-driven, object-oriented programming language for writing macros, used for the entire Office suite as well as other applications. VBA is not equivalent to VB.NET, or VBS; if you're working in Visual Studio use [vb.net]. If your question is specifically about programming any MS Office application, also use the appropriate tag: [excel], [ms-access], [ms-word], [outlook], or [ms-project]."
"spring","193170","The Spring Framework is an open source framework for application development on the Java platform. At its core is rich support for component-based architectures, and it currently has over twenty highly integrated modules."
"laravel","187791","The Laravel framework is an open-sourced PHP web framework that allows developers to create dynamic and scalable web applications. The source code of Laravel is hosted on GitHub and released under the MIT license."
"database","184507","A database is an organized collection of data. It is the collection of schemas, tables, queries, reports, views, and other objects. The data are typically organized to model aspects of reality in a way that supports processes requiring information.  Use this tag if you have questions about designing a database. If it is about a particular database management system, (e.g., MySQL), please use that tag instead."
"wordpress","181862","This tag is for programming-specific questions about the WordPress content management system. Off-topic questions include those about theme development, WordPress administration, management best practices, server configuration, etc. These are best asked on the dedicated WordPress Development  Stack Exchange site (https://wordpress.stackexchange.com)."
"typescript","173531","TypeScript is a typed superset of JavaScript that transpiles to plain JavaScript. It adds optional types, classes, interfaces, and modules to JavaScript. This tag is for questions specific to TypeScript. It is not used for general JavaScript questions."
"string","172197","A string is a finite sequence of symbols, commonly used for text, though sometimes for arbitrary data."
"wpf","164452","Windows Presentation Foundation, or WPF, is a subsystem for rendering user interfaces in Windows-based applications."
"mongodb","158269","MongoDB is a scalable, high-performance, open source, document-oriented NoSQL database. It supports a large number of languages and application development platforms. Questions about server administration can be asked on https://dba.stackexchange.com."
"windows","155458","Writing software specific to the Microsoft Windows operating system: APIs, behaviors, etc. GENERAL WINDOWS SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com"
"xcode","153652","Xcode is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE). USAGE NOTE: Use this tag only for questions about the Xcode IDE itself, and not for general Mac or iOS programming topics. Use [cocoa] for Mac programming questions, and [cocoa-touch] or [iOS] or [Swift] for iOS programming questions."
"postgresql","149731","PostgreSQL is an open-source, relational database management system (RDBMS) available for all major platforms including Linux, UNIX, Windows and OS X. Mention your version of Postgres when asking questions. Consider dba.stackexchange.com for questions concerning administration or advanced features."
"bash","142086","This tag is for questions about scripts written for the Bash command shell.  For shell scripts with syntax or other errors, please check them at https://shellcheck.net before posting here.  Questions about interactive use of Bash are more likely to be on-topic on Super User than on Stack Overflow."
"oracle","140113","Oracle Database is a Multi-Model Database Management System created by Oracle Corporation. Do NOT use this tag for other products owned by Oracle, such as Java and MySQL."
"git","139530","Git is an open-source distributed version control system (DVCS). Use this tag for questions related to Git usage and workflows. DO NOT USE the [github] tag for Git-related issues simply because a repository happens to be hosted on GitHub. Also, do not use this tag for general programming questions that happen to involve a Git repository. "
"vb.net","136327","Visual Basic.NET (VB.NET) is a multi-paradigm, managed, type-safe, object-oriented computer programming language. Along with C# and F#, it is one of the main languages targeting the .NET Framework. VB.NET can be viewed as an evolution of Microsoft's Visual Basic 6 (VB6) but implemented on the Microsoft .NET Framework. DO NOT USE this tag for VB6, VBA or VBScript questions."
"multithreading","133213","For questions regarding multi-threading, the ability of a computer or a program to perform work concurrently or asynchronously by utilizing multiple concurrent streams of execution (generally referred to as threads)."
"amazon-web-services","130922","Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a public-cloud: IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) and SaaS (Software as a Service) provided by Amazon. Questions about programming and architecture are on topic. General server help can be obtained at https://serverfault.com. The AWS tag is rarely used alone and will usually be used with other tags to more clearly define the topic of the question."
"list","126178","The list tag may refer to: a linked list (an ordered set of nodes, each referencing its successor), or a form of dynamic array. Not to be used for HTML lists, use [html-lists] instead."
"eclipse","123348","Eclipse is an open source IDE and platform for building applications. There is a wide variety of plugins for various programming languages and other development-oriented tools (such as modeling, database browsing, etc.). This tag should only be used for questions specifically about the Eclipse IDE or platform, not for generalized (Java, etc.) programming topics."
"firebase","123151","Firebase is a serverless platform for unified development of applications for mobile devices and for the web."
"spring-boot","117360","Spring Boot is a framework that allows to easily create Spring-powered, production-grade applications and services with the absolute minimum fuss. It takes an opinionated view of the Spring platform designed to work for new and experienced users of Spring."
"flutter","116290","Flutter is an open-source UI software development kit / framework created by Google. Flutter apps are written in the Dart language. It is used to develop cross platform applications for Android, iOS, Linux, Mac, Windows, Google Fuchsia, and the web from a single codebase. Flutter was released in May 2017. Largest open-source platform built using UI elements."
"azure","114510","Microsoft Azure is a Platform as a Service and Infrastructure as a Service cloud computing platform. Use this tag for programming questions concerning Azure. General server help can be obtained at Super User or Server Fault."
"dataframe","112588","A data frame is a 2D tabular data structure. Usually, it contains data where rows are observations and columns are variables and are allowed to be of different types (as distinct from an array or matrix). While ""data frame"" or ""dataframe"" is the term used for this concept in several languages (R, Apache Spark, deedle, Maple, the pandas library in Python and the DataFrames library in Julia), ""table"" is the term used in MATLAB and SQL. "
"algorithm","112525","An algorithm is a sequence of well-defined steps that defines an abstract solution to a problem. Use this tag when your issue is related to algorithm design."
"react-native","112267","React Native is a JavaScript library used to build native mobile apps using React. The focus of React Native is on developer efficiency across all the platforms you care about - learn once, write anywhere."
"macos","110702","macOS (formerly known as OS X or Mac OS X) is the desktop operating system from Apple, found on Macintosh computers.  Use this tag only if your question relates to using macOS APIs or macOS-specific behavior, not because you happen to run your code on macOS. Questions relating to using or troubleshooting macOS are off-topic and belong in the Ask Different community instead."
"docker","109974","Docker is a tool to build and run containers. Questions concerning Dockerfiles, Docker Compose, and architecture are accepted, but Stack Overflow questions must be programming-related. Questions about running Docker in production may find better responses on Server Fault (https://serverfault.com). "
"forms","109177","A form is essentially a container that can be used to hold any amount of any subset of several types of data. HTML forms are used to pass data to a server. VB and C# forms are the windows used to interact with the user."
"image","108437","The image tag is for questions related to the loading, formatting, saving, compression, and display of images in the context of source code. This tag should also be used for assistance using various image libraries. Questions about specific image formats should include the tags for those formats. Include tags to mention if the question relates to format conversion, processing, etc."
"scala","107506","Scala is a general-purpose programming language principally targeting the Java Virtual Machine. Designed to express common programming patterns in a concise, elegant, and type-safe way, it fuses both imperative and functional programming styles. Its key features are: an advanced static type system with type inference; function types; pattern-matching; implicit parameters and conversions; operator overloading; full interoperability with Java; concurrency"
"visual-studio","107151","Use this tag if you have a specific question about Visual Studio features and functionality. DO NOT use this tag on questions regarding code which merely happened to be written in Visual Studio.  Consider tagging the exact technology area your question links to and also tagging a more specific version of Visual Studio. Please mention your exact VS version, edition, and update level in your question. DO NOT use this tag on questions regarding VS Code."
"twitter-bootstrap","101867","Bootstrap is a frontend framework designed to kick-start development of Web apps and sites. For questions related to a version of Bootstrap also use the specific version's tag from ""twitter-bootstrap-2"", ""twitter-bootstrap-3"",  ""bootstrap-4"" and ""bootstrap-5"" tags."
"function","100554","A function (also called a procedure, method, subroutine, or routine or macro) is a portion of code intended to carry out a single, specific task. Use this tag for questions which specifically involve creating or calling functions. For help implementing a function to perform a task, use [algorithm] or a task-specific tag instead. By creating function the logic can be isolated and can be called repeatedly."
"powershell","100212","PowerShell is a cross-platform command line and scripting utility from Microsoft. Use this tag for questions about writing and executing PowerShell scripts ONLY. Programming questions specific to the cross-platform version PowerShell Core (Windows, macOS, and Linux) should be tagged [powershell-core]. Questions about system administration should be asked on Super User or Server Fault."
"numpy","98805","NumPy is an extension of the Python language that adds support to large multidimensional arrays and matrixes, along with a large library of high-level mathematical functions for operations with these arrays. "
"api","97503","DO NOT USE. Use specific tags like [google-cloud-platform], [facebook], [amazon-web-services] instead or [api-design]  where applicable. Questions asking to recommend or find an API are off-topic."
"performance","96105","For questions pertaining to the measurement or improvement of code and application efficiency."
"python-2.7","95011","Python 2.7 is the last major version in the 2.x series, and is no longer maintained since January 1st 2020. Use the generic [python] tag on all Python questions. Do not add this tag simply to convey the version of Python you're using, unless the question concerns an issue specific to Python 2.7."
"winforms","94624","WinForms is the informal name given to Windows Forms, a GUI class library in the Microsoft .NET Framework and Mono. Questions in this tag should also be tagged with the target framework ([.net] or [mono]) and should ordinarily be tagged with a programming language tag."
"selenium","93975","Selenium is a popular open-source tool for automating web browsers. When using this tag, also include other tags for the specific components you are using, e.g. selenium-webdriver for the language bindings, selenium-ide, selenium-grid, etc."
"matlab","92339","MATLAB is a high-level language and interactive programming environment for numerical computation and visualization developed by MathWorks. Don’t use both the [matlab] and [octave] tags, unless the question is explicitly about the similarities or differences between the two. When using this tag, please mention the MATLAB release you're working with (e.g. R2017a)."
"sqlite","90641","SQLite is a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine."
"apache","90471","Use this tag (along with an appropriate programming-language tag) for programming questions relating to the Apache HTTP Server. Do not use this tag for questions about other Apache Foundation products. Note that server configuration questions are usually a better fit on https://serverfault.com"
"vue.js","89937","Vue.js is an open-source, progressive JavaScript framework for building user interfaces that aims to be incrementally adoptable. Vue.js is mainly used for front-end development and requires an intermediate level of HTML and CSS. Vue.js questions are highly version specific and should always be tagged with [vuejs2] or [vuejs3] in addition to this tag."
"hibernate","89871","Hibernate is an object-relational mapping (ORM) library for the Java language enabling developers to utilize POJO-style domain models in their applications in ways extending well beyond Object/Relational Mapping."
"entity-framework","88292","Entity Framework is a LINQ-based object-database mapper for .NET. It supports change tracking, updates, and schema migrations for many databases. Please add a version-specific tag as well."
"rest","87510","REST (Representational State Transfer) is a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web. It has increased in popularity relative to RPC architectures such as SOAP due to the intrinsic de-coupling of client from server that comes from having a uniform interface between heterogeneous systems."
"loops","87113","Loops are a type of control flow structure in programming in which a series of statements may be executed repeatedly until some condition is met."
"shell","86230","The term 'shell' refers to a general class of text-based interactive command interpreters most often associated with the Unix & Linux operating systems.    For questions about shell scripting, please use a more specific tag such as 'bash', 'powershell' or 'ksh'. Without a specific tag, a portable (POSIX-compliant) solution should be assumed, though using 'posix' in addition or 'sh' instead is preferable."
"facebook","85651","Facebook Platform lets developers integrate their apps directly into the Facebook social networking service. Use this tag for questions which may arise when developing FOR Facebook. This tag is NOT for support questions about using the Facebook website or the official Facebook app. It is also NOT for questions of the “I want to implement a feature similar to what Facebook has” variety."
"android-studio","83639","Use for questions about using Android Studio, an official IDE by Google targeted at Android app development. Do NOT use for questions about programming for Android in general; instead, use the [android] tag."
"express","83430","Express.js is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework providing a robust set of features for building web applications."
"linq","83139","Language Integrated Query (LINQ) is a Microsoft .NET Framework component that adds native data querying capabilities to .NET languages. Please consider using more detailed tags when appropriate, for example [linq-to-sql], [linq-to-entities] / [entity-framework], or [plinq]"
"csv","82523","Comma-Separated Values or Character-Separated Values (CSV) is a standard ""flat file database"" (or spreadsheet-style) format for storing tabular data in plain text, with fields separated by a special character (comma, tab, etc). Rows are typically denoted by newline characters. Use for any delimited file formats, including tab delimited (TSV)"
"maven","82303","Apache Maven is a build automation and project management tool used primarily for Java projects. This tag is for questions that don't relate to a specific Maven version. Use the gradle tag instead for questions relating to Gradle."
"qt","81464","Qt is a cross-platform application development framework widely used for the development of application software that can be run on various software and hardware platforms with little or no change in the underlying codebase, while having the power and speed of native applications. Qt is available with both commercial and open source licenses."
"swing","79655","Swing is a user-interface toolkit in Java and is shipped with the standard Java SDK. It is contained within the package javax.swing."
"unit-testing","78834","Unit testing is a method by which individual units of source code are tested to determine if they are fit for use. "
"file","77262","A block of arbitrary information, or resource for storing information, accessible by the string-based name or path. Files are available to computer programs and are usually based on some kind of persistent storage."
"tensorflow","74630","TensorFlow is an open-source library and API designed for deep learning, written and maintained by Google. Use this tag with a language-specific tag ([python], [c++], [javascript], [r], etc.) for questions about using the API to solve machine learning problems. The programming languages that can be used with TensorFlow API vary, so you must specify the programming language. Please specify the application area such as [object-detection] as well."
"class","74259","A template for creating new objects that describes the common state(s) and behavior(s). NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH CSS CLASSES. Use [css] instead."
"apache-spark","73210","Apache Spark is an open source distributed data processing engine written in Scala providing a unified API and distributed data sets to users for both batch and streaming processing. Use cases for Apache Spark often are related to machine/deep learning and graph processing. "
".htaccess","71217","Directory-level configuration file used by Apache web servers. Use this tag if and only if .htaccess content is directly involved in the topic. We know many people are using .htaccess, but kindly ask the members of the community to not use this tag, unless you know it is on-topic in your question. Also notice what the ""apache"" tag has to say about questions about _configuring_ Apache httpd and their potential off-topicness on stackoverflow"
"date","71152","A date is a reference to a particular day represented within a calendar system, and consists of year, month and day. Use for questions about creating, manipulating and storing date information. Use with any relevant language tags."
"sorting","71021","Sorting is the process of applying some order to a collection of items."
"symfony","70408","Symfony refers to both a PHP framework for building web applications as well as a set of components on which the framework is built.  This tag refers to the currently supported major versions 3.x, 4.x and 5.x. Alternatively you can specify an exact version using the respective tag. This tag should not be used for questions about Symfony 1.x. Please use the Symfony1 tag instead."
"tsql","69873","T-SQL (Transact Structured Query Language) is the extension of SQL functionality supported by Sybase ASE and Microsoft SQL Server. Do not use this tag for MySQL, PostgreSql, Oracle(Pl/SQL) related queries.   Please note that SQL code which is being written using LINQ will not also be the part of this tag. This tag specifically created for advanced SQL programming using Microsoft SQL Server."
"kotlin","69293","Kotlin is a high-level programming language developed by JetBrains. Use this tag when you're having problems with the Kotlin language and standard library. This tag is often used alongside additional tags for the different targets (JVM, JavaScript, native, etc.) and libraries/frameworks (Android, Spring, etc.) used by Kotlin developers, if the question relates specifically to those topics."
"google-chrome","68953","[google-chrome] is for questions related to development with Google Chrome, a web browser that uses the Blink rendering engine.  Warning! General support for the browser is off-topic: questions about using or configuring the browser should be posted on https://superuser.com. Chrome OS and Chromium are off-topic: questions about [google-chrome-os] or [chromium] should use those tags."
"codeigniter","68933","CodeIgniter is an Application Development Framework - a toolkit - for people who build web sites using PHP. Created by EllisLab, fostered by BCIT it is now a project of the CodeIgniter Foundation. The framework implements a modified version of the Model-View-Controller design pattern. Use this tag for questions about CodeIgniter classes, methods, functions, syntax, and use. There are two major versions: 3.x and 4.x, addressing different system requirements"
"dictionary","68499","A dictionary maps keys to values allowing efficient retrieval of values by keys. USE [map-function] TAG for mapping functions; and for geography, [maps]. "
"asp.net-core","67330","ASP.NET Core is a lean, composable, and cross-platform framework for building web and cloud applications. It is fully open-source on GitHub. ASP.NET Core apps can be run on Windows, Linux, or macOS."
"perl","66420","Perl is a procedural, high-level, general-purpose, dynamic programming language, known for its native support of regular expressions and string parsing capabilities. Please use this tag for questions about Perl in general. For things related to the new (but related) language Raku (formerly ""Perl 6""), please use the raku tag. For Perl-style regular expressions in other languages, use the regex tag, or, if they are based on the PCRE library, the pcre tag."
"opencv","65734","OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision) is a library for real time computer vision. When using this tag, please add a language specific tag (python, c++, ...), if relevant."
"google-maps","64884","Google Maps is a desktop and mobile web mapping service application and technology provided by Google, offering satellite imagery, street maps, and Street View perspectives. Also supported are maps embedded on third-party websites via the Google Maps API, and a locator for urban businesses and other organizations in numerous countries around the world."
"dart","64644","Dart is a class-based, statically(& strongly)-typed programming language for building web and mobile applications. Dart compiles to modern JavaScript to run in the browser and compiles to native code to run on mobile platforms like Android and iOS. Dart also runs on the command-line for scripting and server-side apps."
"datetime","64492","A DateTime object in many programming languages describes a date and a time of day.  It can express either an instant in time or a position on a calendar, depending on the context in which it is used and the specific implementation.  This tag can be used for all date and time related issues."
"http","64132","Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is an application level network protocol that is used for the transfer of content on the World Wide Web."
"validation","64061","Validation is used to check data to make sure it fits whatever required specifications are set for it.  Typically Validation is used in checking input data, and in verifying data before storage."
"sockets","63897","An endpoint of a bi-directional inter-process communication flow. This often refers to a process flow over a network connection, but by no means is limited to such. Not to be confused with WebSocket (a protocol) or other abstractions (e.g. socket.io)."
"for-loop","63804","A for loop is a control structure used by many programming languages to iterate over a range. It is a way of repeating statements a number of times until the loop ends. Depending on the language this may be over a range of integers, iterators, etc."
"uitableview","63690","UITableView is a class used for displaying and editing lists of information on iOS. A table view displays items in a single column. UITableView is a subclass of UIScrollView, which allows users to scroll through the table, although UITableView allows vertical scrolling only."
"matplotlib","63050","Matplotlib is a plotting library for Python which may be used interactively or embedded in stand-alone GUIs. Its compact ""pyplot"" interface is similar to the plotting functions of MATLAB®."
"unity3d","61851","Unity is a cross-platform game engine by Unity Technologies."
"cordova","61404","Apache Cordova (formerly PhoneGap) is a framework that allows developers to create cross-platform mobile applications using web technologies like HTML, JavaScript, and CSS."
"web-services","60176","A ""web service"" is a software system designed to support interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over the World Wide Web."
"object","59922","An object is any entity that can be manipulated by commands in a programming language. An object can be a value, a variable, a function, or a complex data-structure. In object-oriented programming, an object refers to an instance of a class."
"xaml","59413","Extensible Application Markup Language (XAML) is a declarative XML-based language used for  initializing structured values and objects in various frameworks. When a question is about the usage of XAML with a specific framework a tag for the framework should also be provided e.g. [wpf] (Windows Presentation Foundation),  [silverlight], [windows-phone], [windows-store-apps] (Windows 8 store apps), [win-universal-app], [xamarin.forms] or [workflow-foundation]"
"go","59344","Go is an open-source programming language. It is statically-typed, with a syntax loosely derived from C, adding automatic memory management, type safety, some dynamic typing capabilities, additional built-in types such as variable-length arrays (called slices) and key-value maps, and a large standard library."
"oop","58235","Object-oriented programming is a programming paradigm using ""objects"": an encapsulation consisting of data fields and methods together with their interactions. "
"android-layout","58202","A layout defines the visual structure for a user interface, such as the UI for an activity, fragment or app widget. "
"email","57290","Use this tag for questions involving code to send or receive email messages. Posting to ask why the emails you send are marked as spam is off-topic for Stack Overflow.  Questions about configuration of mail servers belong on Server Fault."
"spring-mvc","56668","A framework for building Java web applications based on the Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern. It promotes flexible and decoupled code from the underlying view technologies."
"ubuntu","56248","GENERAL UBUNTU SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked at https://askubuntu.com/. Ubuntu is a free desktop and server operating system based on Debian GNU/Linux. This tag is for programming questions specific to Ubuntu."
"ruby-on-rails-3","56086","Ruby on Rails is an open-source web development framework written in Ruby. Ruby on Rails follows the principle of convention over configuration, freeing you from having to re-invent things to stay productive. Use this tag only for Rails 3-specific questions, and also tag those questions [ruby-on-rails]."
"if-statement","55910","An ""if"" statement is a flow control structure in most programming languages that branches execution flow depending on a binary condition, generally evaluated at runtime. If statements are also commonly also called conditionals. When using this tag please also include an appropriate language tag, such as e.g. ""java"" if your question is language-specific."
"c++11","54990","Use this tag for code that must compile as C++11 (not using any features introduced in C++14 or later)."
"ms-access","54803","Microsoft Access, also known as Microsoft Office Access, is an application development and database development tool from Microsoft. It combines the Microsoft Jet/ACE Database Engine with a graphical user interface and software-development tools. Other database engines, such as SQL Server, can also be used as a database server for Access applications.  "
"parsing","54567","Parsing refers to breaking an artifact into its constituent elements and capturing the relationship between those elements. This tag isn't for questions about the self hosted Parse Platform (use the [parse-platform] tag) or parse errors in a particular programming language (use the appropriate language tag instead)."
"security","54023","Topics relating to application security and attacks against software. Please don't use this tag alone, that results in ambiguity. If your question is not about a specific programming problem, please consider instead asking it at Information Security SE: https://security.stackexchange.com "
"sql-server-2008","53831","Use this tag for questions specific to the 2008 version of Microsoft's SQL Server."
"user-interface","53528","User Interface (UI) is the system through which people interact with a computer. This tag can be used for UI-related programming questions. Note that there's a separate Stack Exchange site for User Interfaces, Interactions with the Computer and User Experience design: https://ux.stackexchange.com."
"elasticsearch","53381","Elasticsearch is a free and open, distributed, RESTful search engine based on Lucene."
"authentication","53194","Authentication is the process of providing a proof of identity or verifying identity."
"pointers","52998","Data type that ""points to"" another value stored in memory. A pointer variable contains a memory address of some other entity (variable or function or other entity). This tag should be used for questions involving the use of pointers, not references. The most common programming languages using pointers are C, C++, Go, and assembly languages. Use a specific language tag. Other helpful tags are method, function, struct, etc. describing the use of pointer."
"jsp","52024","JSP (Jakarta Server Pages, formerly JavaServer Pages) is a Java-based view technology running on the server machine which allows you to write template text in client side languages (like HTML, CSS, JavaScript and so on) and interact with backend Java code."
"listview","51766","A ListView is a graphical screen control or widget provided by UI libraries in a majority of modern operating systems to show items in a list form."
"batch-file","51598","A batch file is a text file containing a series of commands that are executed by the command interpreter on MS-DOS, IBM OS/2, or Microsoft Windows systems."
"templates","51594","The templates tag is used in multiple contexts: generic programming (especially C++), and data/document generation using template engines, web template for  a pre-designed webpage, or set of HTML webpages. When using this tag on implementation heavy questions - tag the code language the implementation is written in."
"variables","50843","THIS IS AMBIGUOUS; USE SPECIFIC-LANGUAGE TAGS WHENEVER APPLICABLE. A variable is a named data storage location in memory. Using variables, a computer program can store numbers, text, binary data, or a combination of any of these data types. They can be passed around in the program."
"wcf","50592","Windows Communication Foundation is a part of the .NET Framework that provides a unified programming model for rapidly building service-oriented applications."
"nginx","49784","Nginx (""engine x"") is a web server, reverse proxy, TCP stream proxy and mail proxy, released under a BSD-like license."
"delphi","49202","Delphi is a language for rapid development of native Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS, and Android applications through use of Object Pascal. The name refers to the Delphi language as well as its libraries, compiler and IDE which is used to help edit and debug Delphi projects."
"debugging","49034","Debugging is a methodical process of finding and fixing bugs in a computer program. **IMPORTANT NOTE:** This tag is ONLY for questions about debugging techniques or the process of debugging itself, NOT for requesting help debugging your code."
"flask","48854","Flask is a lightweight framework for developing web applications using Python."
"machine-learning","48705","Implementation questions about machine learning algorithms. General questions about machine learning (concepts, theory, methodology, terminology, etc.) should be posted to their specific communities."
"github","48667","GitHub is a web-based hosting service for software development projects that use Git for version control. Use this tag for questions specific to problems with repositories hosted on GitHub, features specific to GitHub, and using GitHub for collaborating with other users. Do not use this tag for Git-related issues simply because a repository happens to be hosted on GitHub."
"haskell","48424","Haskell is a purely functional programming language featuring strong static typing, lazy evaluation, extensive parallelism and concurrency support, and unique abstraction capabilities."
"ssl","48050","Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is an obsolete cryptographic protocol superseded by Transport Layer Security (TLS) that provides secure communications over the Internet. Often, SSL is used as a blanket term and refers to both the SSL protocol and the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol. The most recent version of the protocol is TLS version 1.3, specified by the IETF in RFC 8446."
"jpa","47874","The Java Persistence API (JPA) is a Java specification for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java objects/classes and a relational database. It is part of the EJB 3.0 specification and is the industry standard approach for Object to Relational Mapping (ORM).  "
"xamarin","47844","Xamarin is a platform consisting of Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android, Xamarin.Mac and Xamarin Test Cloud. It allows you to write cross-platform native Apps for iOS, Android and Mac and follow your app through its entire lifecycle.  The introduction of Xamarin.Forms supports Native UI development for iOS, Android and Windows"
"pdf","47823","Portable Document Format (PDF) is an open standard for electronic document exchange maintained by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). Questions can be about creating, reading, editing PDFs using different languages."
"asynchronous","47086","Asynchronous programming is a strategy for deferring operations with high latency or low priority, usually in an attempt to improve performance, responsiveness, and / or composability of software. Such strategies are usually employed using some combination of event-driven programming and callbacks, and optionally making use of concurrency through coroutines and / or threads."
"visual-studio-2010","46931","Visual Studio 2010 is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft. Use this tag only for questions arising from the use of this particular version of Visual Studio, and not about any code just written in it."
"jenkins","46861","Jenkins is an open source continuous integration tool written in Java, that has packages for Linux, Mac OS X, Windows, FreeBSD and OpenBSD. The project was forked from Hudson. "
"google-app-engine","46387","Google App Engine is a cloud computing technology for hosting web applications in Google-managed data centers. Google App Engine is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) offering for Java, Python, Go, Node.js, and PHP in its standard environment. Runtimes for a few other languages as well as docker-based custom runtimes are supported in its flexible environment. "
"selenium-webdriver","46231","Selenium WebDriver provides the WebDriver API for controlling browsers in different programming languages (""language bindings""). When using this tag, also add a tag for the programming language you are using."
"unix","46152","This tag is EXCLUSIVELY for PROGRAMMING questions that are directly related to Unix; general software issues should be directed to the Unix & Linux Stack Exchange site or to Super User. The Unix operating system is a general-purpose OS that was developed by Bell Labs in the late 1960s and today exists in various versions."
"ggplot2","45964","ggplot2 is an actively maintained open-source chart-drawing package for R, written by Hadley Wickham, based upon the principles of ""Grammar of Graphics"".  It partially replaces R's basic plot and the lattice package, while providing a clean, powerful, orthogonal and fun API."
"gradle","45886","Gradle is a project build automation tool that uses a Groovy DSL. Gradle build scripts support Maven and Ivy repositories as well as plain file system for dependency management."
"testing","45692","Software testing is any activity aimed at evaluating an attribute or capability of a program or system and determining that it meets its required results."
"generics","45560","Generics are a form of parametric polymorphism found in a range of languages, including .NET languages, Java, Swift, and Rust. "
"kubernetes","45389","KUBERNETES QUESTIONS MUST BE DEVELOPMENT RELATED. Kubernetes is an open-source platform designed to automate deployment, scaling, and operation of application containers, across multiple hosts and/or clouds. Questions about configuring clusters should be asked on https://serverfault.com"
"web","44997","Do not use this tag. For questions related to an aspect of the world wide web, use a more specific tag for it, such as [uri], [html], [http] or [w3c]."
"android-fragments","44953","Fragments represent reusable behaviors or portions of the user interface in an Android app. "
"google-apps-script","44264","Use for questions about Google Apps Script, Google's server side Javascript-based cloud scripting platform for automating tasks across Google products and third-party services. Use in addition to relevant product-specific (e.g. [google-sheets], [google-docs]) or API-specific (e.g. [google-drive-api]) tags where applicable"
"amazon-s3","44250","Amazon S3 (simple storage service) is an online object storage service from Amazon Web Services. QUESTIONS MUST BE ABOUT PROGRAMMING. Questions about general S3 support, functionality, configuration, etc. are OFF-TOPIC."
"ionic-framework","44115","Ionic is a front-end framework for developing native-feeling hybrid mobile apps with HTML and Sass. Traditionally, it runs on top of Cordova and Angular, but since Ionic 4 it supports Angular, React, Vue.js and Web Components running on top of Cordova or Capacitor."
"tkinter","43927","Tkinter is the standard Python interface to the ""Tk"" graphical user interface toolkit. In Python 3, the name of the module changed from Tkinter to tkinter."
"hadoop","43694","Hadoop is an Apache open-source project that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing. The core consists of a distributed file system (HDFS) and a resource manager (YARN).   Various other open-source projects, such as Apache Hive use Apache Hadoop as persistence layer."
"session","43660","A session refers to the communication between a single client and a server. A session is specific to the user and for each user a new session is created to track all the requests from that user. "
"recursion","43087","Recursion is a kind of function call in which a function calls itself. Such functions are also called recursive functions. Structural recursion is a method of problem solving where the solution to a problem depends on solutions to smaller instances of the same problem."
"npm","42808","npm is the package manager shipped with Node.js. It can be used to install and publish CommonJS and ECMAScript modules, jQuery plugins, reusable JavaScript code (libraries), JavaScript-based CLI programs, and more."
"asp.net-mvc-4","42368","ASP.NET MVC 4 is the fourth major version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications."
"animation","42307","Animation is the rapid display of a sequence of visuals in order to create an illusion of movement or change."
"visual-studio-code","42297","Visual Studio Code is a text editor available for Linux, Mac, and Windows. You can also use this tag for unofficial binaries of the portion of the code that is open source (such as VSCodium) as well. It includes support for debugging, embedded Git control, various extensions and rich development experiences such as intelligent code completion. It is mainly developed by Microsoft, and built on Electron like GitHub's Atom."
"heroku","42187","Heroku is a cloud platform for Ruby, Node.js, Python, Scala, Clojure, Go, PHP, and JVM-based applications.  It features  Git-based, GitHub, and API deployment strategies, a large number of services offered as add-ons, and a full API."
"tomcat","41897","Use this tag for questions about Apache Tomcat (or simply Tomcat, formerly also Jakarta Tomcat) which is an open source Servlet Container developed by the Apache Software Foundation (ASF).  Most questions should also include a tag specifying the operating system."
"url","41801","A URL (Uniform Resource Locator), is a universal identifier on the web. A URL is a reference to a web resource at a specific location, and provides a means for retrieving that resource."
"curl","41591","cURL is a library and command-line tool for transferring data using various protocols such as HTTP, FTP and SFTP. The cURL project produces two products, libcurl and curl. This tag covers all usages of cURL, regardless of which cURL product is used."
"mongoose","41463","Mongoose is a MongoDB object modeling tool, or ODM (Object Document Mapper), written in JavaScript and designed to work in an asynchronous environment."
"google-sheets","41378","Use this tag for questions about interacting with Google Sheets programmatically. Use with: [google-apps-script] for questions relating to inbuilt scripting language, [google-sheets-formula] for questions relating to formula  design or [google-sheets-api] and the tag of language (eg:[python]) for questions relating to sheets api usage. "
"actionscript-3","41328","ActionScript 3 (AS3) is the open source object oriented programming (OOP) language of the Adobe Flash and AIR Platforms.  AS3 is widely used for RIAs, mobile apps, and desktop applications. (ActionScript 3 is a dialect of ECMAScript.)"
"web-scraping","41321","Web scraping is the process of extracting specific information from websites that do not readily provide an API or other methods of automated data retrieval. Questions about ""How To Get Started With Scraping"" (e.g. with Excel VBA) should be *thoroughly researched* as numerous functional code samples are available. Web scraping methods include 3rd-party applications, development of custom software, or even manual data collection in a standardized way."
"math","40595","Math involves the manipulation of numbers within a program. For general math questions, please ask on math.stackexchange.com. Note: If your question is about unexpected results in floating point calculations, please read https://stackoverflow.com/questions/588004/is-floating-point-math-broken first."
"svg","40333","Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is an XML-based two-dimensional vector graphics format that can also be used in HTML. Do not add this tag just because your project uses SVG. Instead, add the tag if your question is either about SVG, or closely related to it, like how to achieve something with SVG."
"exception","40169","An exception is an unusual condition that requires deviation from the program's normal flow. Normally, an exception should not result in total failure, but instead be attended by an exception handler. Exception handling is a built-in construct in many programming languages. Usually, exceptions are handled by unwinding the stack, thus rolling back to a defined state outside the exception's scope, and then invoking a handler block or routine."
"inheritance","40031","Inheritance is the system in object oriented programming that allows objects to support operations defined by anterior types without having to provide their own definition. It is the major vector for polymorphism in object-oriented programming."
"join","39979","A JOIN is a general operation in relational algebra for a combining operation on two or more relations in a relational database system. JOIN is also keyword of the SQL language for performing this operation."
"winapi","39691","The Windows API (formerly called the Win32 API) is the core set of application programming interfaces available for the Microsoft Windows operating systems. This tag is for questions about developing native Windows applications using the Windows API.  "
"jquery-ui","39637","jQuery UI is a curated set of user interface interactions, effects, widgets, and themes built on top of the jQuery JavaScript Library."
"assembly","39573","Assembly language questions. Please tag the processor and/or the instruction set you are using, as well as the assembler, a valid set should be like this: (assembly, x86, gnu). Use the [.net-assembly] tag instead for .NET assemblies, [cil] for .NET assembly language, and for Java bytecode, use the tag java-bytecode-asm instead."
"intellij-idea","39489","IntelliJ IDEA is an IDE by JetBrains. It primarily supports Java development, but also supports JavaScript, Groovy, HTML, CSS, RSS, R, Haskell, PHP, Ruby, Python, Scala, Swift, Clojure, Kotlin, Hybris, Gradle and others. Questions specifically concerning usage and problems in both Community and Ultimate Editions should use this tag. However, if you have a problem with something else and just happen to be using IntelliJ, please don't use this tag."
"cocoa","39420","Cocoa is Apple's application-development framework for macOS, consisting of Foundation, Application Kit, and Core Data. Use the ""cocoa-touch"" tag for iOS questions."
"image-processing","39311","Anything related to digital image processing, i.e. the theory and the techniques used to extract or manipulate information from digital images. "
"webpack","39173","Webpack is a module bundler. Its main purpose is to bundle JavaScript files for usage in a browser, yet it can also transform, bundle, or package just about any resource or asset.  Webpack takes modules with dependencies and generates static assets representing those modules. Webpack enables extensibility and promotes best practices in web architecture and performance. "
"dom","39162","The Document Object Model(DOM) is a way to programmatically refer to the elements of a markup language like XML and HTML. Use with [javascript] or any other programming language that has a DOM parser "
"post","39088","POST is one of the HTTP protocol methods; it is used when the client needs to send data to the server, such as when uploading a file, or submitting a completed form. The word post has several meanings, but this tag is specifically about HTTP POST requests."
"internet-explorer","39058","A web browser developed by Microsoft and included with Windows.  Commonly abbreviated to ""IE""."
"redirect","38769","A response by a webserver, that asks the user agent to not show the response body, but instead request a different resource. Questions can be related to Redirect Protocols, Link Equity and Types of Redirects."
"asp.net-mvc-3","38563","ASP.NET MVC 3 is the third major version of Model-View-Controller extension for developing web applications in a .NET framework. "
"django-models","38498","For questions concerning use of the model class from the web framework Django."
"keras","38346","Keras is a neural network library providing a high-level API in Python and R. Use this tag for questions relating to how to use this API. Please also include the tag for the language/backend ([python], [r], [tensorflow], [theano], [cntk]) that you are using. If you are using tensorflow's built-in keras, use the [tf.keras] tag."
"d3.js","38284","D3.js is a JavaScript library for creating interactive data-bound visualisations of documents using HTML, SVG, and Canvas. Questions should mention the version number of D3 you are using."
"button","38279","Buttons are simple elements in graphical user interfaces that take mouse clicks or finger taps (on touch devices) as input."
"gcc","38272","GCC is the GNU Compiler Collection. It's the de facto standard compiler for C, C++, Go, Fortran, and Ada on Linux and supports many other languages and platforms as well."
"matrix","38268","In mathematics, a matrix (plural matrices) is a rectangular array of numbers, symbols, or expressions, arranged in rows and columns. The individual items in a matrix are called its elements or entries."
"logging","38207","Computer data logging is the process of recording events in a computer program or computer system, usually with a certain scope, in order to provide an audit trail that can be used to understand the activity of the system and to diagnose problems. Be sure to include appropriate software or hardware tags in addition to this tag."
"laravel-5","38004","Laravel 5 is the previous major version of the open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell. Laravel helps you create applications using simple, expressive syntax.  Use the laravel tag for general Laravel related questions."
"magento","37941","Magento is an e-commerce platform written in PHP. Use this tag for questions about writing code for Magento v1.x. General Magento questions (like administration) may be asked on https://magento.stackexchange.com instead."
"select","37925","Select is a common keyword used to query data. 'select()' is also a programming function for triggering code based on file handle or other system activity. Do not use this tag for questions related to: HTML <select> tag (use [html-select]); language integrated query such as LINQ or similar, etc."
"firefox","37872","Mozilla Firefox is a free, open-source cross-platform web browser. Use this tag if your question is related to the inner workings of Firefox or if it relates to code that is not working on Firefox which does work in other browsers. Questions about Firefox add-on development should be tagged [firefox-addon]. If your question is about using Firefox for browsing (i.e. as an end user) you should ask your question on Super User instead."
".net-core","37859",".NET Core is an open-source successor  of the .NET Framework. It can be used in a wide variety of applications and verticals, ranging from servers and data centers to apps and devices. .NET Core is supported by Microsoft on Windows, Linux and macOS."
"firebase-realtime-database","37164","Firebase Realtime Database is a cloud hosted, NoSQL, JSON database that provides offline caching and synchronization. Do NOT use this tag for questions about Cloud Firestore; instead use the [google-cloud-firestore] tag."
"iis","37156","Internet Information Services (IIS) is a web server created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows. Please mention which version of IIS you're running either in your question or by adding a version specific tag."
"opengl","36901","OpenGL (Open Graphics Library) is a graphics standard and API which is platform independent and available for desktop, workstation and mobile devices. It is designed to provide hardware-accelerated rendering, and hence gives greatly improved performance over traditional software rendering. OpenGL is used for applications like CAD software and computer games. The OpenGL standard, as well as OpenGL ES, is controlled by the Khronos group. "
"xslt","36729","XSLT is a transformation language for XML designed to transform structured documents into other formats (such as XML, HTML, and plain text, or, in XSLT 3, JSON). Questions should use one of the xslt-1.0, xslt-2.0, or xslt-3.0 tags as appropriate."
"ruby-on-rails-4","36695","For issues specific to version 4 of Rails. If your question applies to Ruby on Rails in general, use the tag [ruby-on-rails]."
"xpath","36613","The primary purpose of XPath is to address parts of an XML document. It also provides basic facilities for manipulation of strings, numbers and booleans. XPath uses a compact, non-XML syntax. XPath operates on the abstract, logical structure of an XML document, rather than its surface syntax."
"events","36517","An event is a way for a class to provide notifications to listeners when a particular thing happens."
"networking","36474","For most programming questions use [network-programming] tag. Non-programming networking questions are off topic and should be asked on Network Engineering, Super User or Server Fault instead.  This tag is only appropriate for questions concerning unique networking needs in support of software development."
"javafx","36343","The JavaFX platform enables developers to create and deploy Graphical User Interface (GUI) applications that behave consistently across multiple platforms.  JavaFX 1.3 and older, were scripting languages, whereas JavaFX 2.x+/8.x enables users to use Java.  FXML enables JavaFX to follow an MVC architecture."
"caching","36274","A cache is a mechanism for temporarily storing (caching) data locally in order to reduce access time to data stored far away. For CPU/disk/web browsing please use relevant tags (cpu-cache, diskcache,...)"
"google-cloud-platform","36029","Google Cloud Platform provides cloud computing services that let you build applications and websites, store data, and analyze data on Google's infrastructure."
"asp.net-web-api","35914","ASP.NET Web API is a framework for building HTTP services for clients like browsers and mobile devices. It is based on the Microsoft .NET Framework and an ideal choice for building RESTful services."
"optimization","35760","Optimization is the act of improving a method or design. In programming, optimization usually takes the form of increasing the speed of an algorithm, or reducing the resources it requires. Another meaning of optimization is numerical optimization algorithms used in machine learning."
"search","35739","Questions about search algorithm mechanics and implementation.  *NOT* for questions about using search tools within an API (e.g. Google, Bing, Facebook)."
"jsf","35558","JSF, Jakarta Server Faces (formerly known as JavaServer Faces) is a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create HTML form based web applications.  Using the standard components and render kit, stateful HTML views can be defined using Facelets or JSP tags and wired to model data and application logic via backing beans."
"stored-procedures","35429","A subroutine available to applications accessing a relational database system."
"flash","35136","For questions on Adobe's discontinued cross-platform multimedia runtime used to embed animations, video, and interactive applications into web pages. For questions related to memory, use the tag [flash-memory]."
"encryption","35045","Encryption is the process of transforming information (called plaintext) into an unreadable form (called ciphertext) using an encryption algorithm using a secondary parameter (called an encryption key). Only those who possess the decryption key can reverse the process and recover the original plaintext. Conceptual questions about encryption may get better answers on crypto.stackexchange.com."
"ipad","34740","iPad is a tablet computer designed by Apple running the iPadOS operating system. iPad applications are usually written in Objective-C or Swift in the Xcode IDE, although it is also possible to use other tools to build iPad applications. Questions that are not dependent on hardware should use the iOS tag instead."
"facebook-graph-api","34699","Facebook Graph API is a structured API for fetching objects and the connections between them from Facebook's social graph"
"cocoa-touch","34650","The Cocoa Touch Frameworks that drive iOS apps share many proven patterns found on the Mac, but were built with a special focus on touch-based interfaces and optimization."
"canvas","34451","Canvas is a generic term for the drawing surface used with many free-form graphics output APIs. Use this tag with other tags that indicate the specific graphics API that is being used along with the programming language and the target environment: [android], [uwp], [wpf], [tkinter], [java], [html5], [chart.js] etc. Also include a specific canvas tag such as [android-canvas], [html5-canvas], [tkinter-canvas] if appropriate."
"audio","34440","Sound and programming audio hardware, and the various audio formats or containers. For questions specific to sounds playback, use [audio-player] or [playback], and for questions specific to sounds recording, use [audio-recording] or [voice-recording]."
"plot","34375","The graphical representation of a mathematical function or a set of data. There are different kinds of plots, such as line plots, bar plots, or scatter plots."
"memory","33945","Use this tag for memory management or issues in programming. For questions about memory hardware issues or errors in general software, go to https://superuser.com, or https://serverfault.com if this is related to enterprise-level hardware or software."
"amazon-ec2","33313","Amazon EC2 stands for ""Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud"". It is a part of Amazon Web Services (AWS) and allows users to rent virtual machine instances. You can create instances, launch and manage them through a central interface, through a web API or through a console."
"arraylist","33179","A simple collection data type found in some languages / platforms (such as in Java or .NET). The array list implements a list using an array, benefiting from both the DSs strengths."
"google-cloud-firestore","33072","Cloud Firestore is an auto-scaling real-time document database for storing, syncing, and querying data for mobile, web and server development."
"cookies","33071","An HTTP cookie is a piece of data stored by the user's web browser. Unless otherwise specified, cookies can be created, read, modified and deleted both by JavaScript and from server-side through HTTP headers."
"multidimensional-array","33067","Multidimensional-arrays can be described as multi-dimensional tables. Each index used in order to find a given element is called a dimension."
"vector","33025","A vector is a single-dimensional array: it contains components that can be accessed using an integral index. In some languages the size of a vector can grow or shrink as needed to accommodate adding and removing items after the Vector has been created. Use 'vector-graphics' for graphic display."
"servlets","32976","Servlet is a Java application programming interface (API) running on the server machine which can intercept the requests made by the client and can generate/send a response accordingly."
"video","32793","Video is an electronic medium for the recording, copying, and broadcasting of moving visual images. Use more specific tags when relevant, such as [video-editing] for questions related to trimming and modifying videos, [video-encoding] for questions related to editing videos into any format, and [video-processing] for questions related to processing videos with filtering video frames."
"random","32656","This tag is for questions pertaining to random numbers and their generators, whether pseudo-random or truly random."
"model-view-controller","32533","Model–View–Controller (MVC) is an architectural pattern used in software engineering. For Microsoft ASP.NET MVC, please use [asp.net-mvc] or [asp.net-core-mvc] tag instead. For Spring MVC, please use [spring-mvc] tag instead."
"mod-rewrite","32346","URL rewriting module for the Apache web server. It is commonly used for so-called `pretty URLs` , but also provides the power and flexibility to perform various request handling tasks beyond simple substitutions."
"input","32284","Input is usually related to user input, i.e., to the data that user supplies to a running application. In many systems this input is considered to be potentially dangerous and needs to be sanitized to ensure that the user has not injected runnable code into the application."
"redux","32208","Redux is a pattern and library for managing JavaScript application state, using events called ""actions"". It serves as a centralized store for state that is needed across your entire application, with rules ensuring that the state can only be updated in a predictable fashion. Redux make it easier to understand when, where, why, and how the state in your application is being updated, and how your application logic will behave when those changes occur."
"xamarin.forms","31876","Xamarin.Forms is a Microsoft product allowing the building of native, cross-platform apps for Android, iOS, Windows, and others from a single shared C# codebase."
"jdbc","31799","JDBC (Java DataBase Connectivity) is the base API which enables interacting with SQL database servers by executing SQL statements using the Java programming language."
"razor","31705","Razor is a template language used by ASP.NET Web Pages, ASP.NET MVC (since version 3), and ASP.NET Core. It adds a layer of abstraction above HTML generation. It supports seamless transitions between HTML markup and C# or VB code. Transitions between markup and code are indicated by the ""@"" sign."
"serialization","31635","Serialization is the process by which data-structures are converted into a format that can be easily stored or transmitted and subsequently reconstructed."
"cakephp","31524","CakePHP is an open-source web, rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications. It uses commonly known design patterns like MVC and ORM within the convention over configuration paradigm."
"iframe","31481","An 'iframe' is an HTML element that creates an ""inline frame"" within a document, which allows displaying a separate document in the same page."
"indexing","31406","Indexing data structures is a general technique to improve the speed of data lookups."
"data-structures","30960","A data structure is a way of organizing data in a fashion that allows particular properties of that data to be queried and/or updated efficiently."
"design-patterns","30629","A design pattern is a general reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem in software design. Use this tag for questions when you're having problems with the implementation of design-patterns. Please don't use this tag on questions about text pattern matching.  When using this tag on implementation heavy questions - tag the code language the implementation is written in."
"awk","30593","AWK is an interpreted programming language designed for text processing and typically used as a data extraction and reporting tool.  AWK is used largely with Unix systems."
"android-intent","30465","Questions regarding practical and advanced use of Intents, Intent Extras and Pending Intents to start an Activity, Service or to respond to a system or application event/notification via a BroadcastReceiver. (refer to info for basic familiarity)"
"visual-c++","30300","Microsoft Visual C++ is a C, C++ and C++/CLI compiler for Windows. The most recent version of the compiler is Visual C++ 2022.  The compiler supports the following languages:  C (supports C90 and most of C99, C11, C17 parts of the ISO C++ standard as of Visual Studio 2022);  C++ (support for most C++11, C++14, C++17, and C++20 features and few  C++23 features as of Visual Studio 2022)  C++/CLI (Provide interoperability with .NET languages like C#)."
"pyspark","30173","The Spark Python API (PySpark) exposes the apache-spark programming model to Python."
"text","29919","Text is a sequence of characters that is most often used to represent a cohesive piece of information."
"woocommerce","29850","WooCommerce is an open source eCommerce plugin available for WordPress. Questions should relate to programming which changes or extends WooCommerce behavior. Questions about 3rd party plugins should be asked directly to the plugin support."
"grails","29691","Grails is an Open Source, full stack, web application framework that uses the Groovy programming language (which is in turn based on the Java virtual machine (JVM) and Java. The framework is oriented around high-productivity application development by following the ""coding by convention"", and uses common Java technologies such as Hibernate and Spring."
"jakarta-ee","29282","Jakarta EE (formerly known as Java Enterprise Edition, Java EE, and J2EE) is a specification defining a collection of Java-based server and client technologies and how they interoperate. This is the master tag. For more specific API questions, please use [jsf], [servlets], [jpa], [cdi], [ejb], etc."
"dplyr","29077","Use this tag for questions relating to functions from the dplyr package, such as group_by, summarize, filter, and select. "
"meteor","28949","Meteor is a modular platform for developing web and mobile applications in JavaScript based on the NodeJS platform."
"mobile","28868","The tag Mobile should be used to mark questions regarding mobile computing issues. Mobile computing is a form of human–computer interaction by which a computer is expected to be transported during normal usage. Examples include smartphones and tablets."
"methods","28776","A method is a block of code that performs a task and is associated with a class or an object. It is related to the non-object-oriented concepts of functions and procedures."
"checkbox","28752","A checkbox is a graphical user interface element that permits the user to make a binary selection."
"ecmascript-6","28623","The 2015 version of the ECMAScript specification, now a standard (ECMAScript 2015). Only use this tag where the question specifically relates to new features or technical changes provided in ECMAScript 2015."
"android-activity","28578","Questions about creating or managing Activities in Android. In Android Applications, an Activity is a Component that provides a user interface allowing the user to do something. Simple examples are: dial the phone, take a photo, send an email, or view a map."
"mvvm","28415","Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM) is an architectural design pattern for implementing user interfaces that separates the UI (the View) from its data (the Model) via its presentation logic (its ViewModel)."
"core-data","28357","Core Data is Apple's object modeling and persistence framework for iOS, iPadOS, tvOS, watchOS, and macOS. Xcode provides an object model editor for specifying entities, attributes, and relationships."
"filter","28211","A program or routine that rejects or accepts data that meets a given criterion. An example would be a ""high-pass filter"" that removed entries less than a given limit from a set of values. Do NOT use this tag for: Java servlet filters. Use [servlet-filters] instead. For Bloom filters, use [bloom-filter] instead. For CSS filters use [css-filters]."
"struct","28096","A keyword in various programming languages whose syntax is similar to or derived from C (C++, C#, Swift, Go, Rust, etc.). Use a specific programming language tag to tag questions involving use of a `struct` as syntax and semantics can be language dependent. Keyword defines or declares a data type composed of other data types. Each member of a struct has its own area of memory (as opposed to a `union` whose members share a single area of memory)."
"activerecord","28082","Active Record is a pattern that combines domain logic with storage abstraction in single object. Use this tag for questions about the pattern, [rails-activerecord] for questions about the Rails ORM framework."
"beautifulsoup","27987","Beautiful Soup is a Python package for parsing HTML/XML. The latest version of this package is version 4, imported as bs4."
"groovy","27963","Groovy is an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform. It is a dynamic language with features similar to those of Python, Ruby, Perl and Smalltalk. It can be used as a scripting language for the Java platform."
"installation","27862","Installation (or setup) is the process of deploying an application, driver, plugin, etc. onto a device for future execution and use."
"sharepoint","27847","For SharePoint-specific questions, please see the SharePoint Stack Exchange (https://sharepoint.stackexchange.com) site. Use this tag for programming questions which may involve SharePoint. Microsoft SharePoint is a platform and a family of software products developed by Microsoft for collaboration and web publishing."
"time","27763","Measuring the time it takes to perform an operation. Also, questions related to obtaining the current time, calculating on times, formatting and parsing times, etc."
"android-recyclerview","27708","The RecyclerView widget is a more advanced and flexible version of ListView and GridView. "
"ssh","27650","GENERAL SSH SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com. Secure Shell (SSH) is a cryptographic network protocol for secure data communication. Use this tag for programming questions related to Secure Shell.  Common authentication and configuration problems are off-topic for Stack Overflow."
"lambda","27600","DO NOT USE FOR THE AWS SERVICE (use [aws-lambda] for those questions!)   Lambdas are anonymous functions or closures in programming languages such as Lisp, C#, C++, Lua, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, or Java. (Also, lambda expression.)"
"bootstrap-4","27379","Bootstrap 4 is the fourth major version of the popular front-end component library. The Bootstrap framework aids in the creation of responsive, mobile-first websites and web apps."
"silverlight","27337","Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications."
"vim","27191","Vim is a free and open-source modal text editor available for most major platforms. It allows high efficiency in many text editing tasks but has a steep learning curve. To learn the basics, run "":help vimtutor"".  For non-programming questions please use https://vi.stackexchange.com/ instead."
"soap","27080","Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) is a protocol specification for exchanging structured information in the implementation of Web Services."
"file-upload","26954","a method or action of transferring a file from a client to a server."
"google-chrome-extension","26901","Extension development for the Google Chrome web browser. You write them using web technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS."
"django-rest-framework","26831","Django REST framework is a powerful and flexible toolkit for building RESTful Web APIs. Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design. Built by experienced developers, it takes care of much of the hassle of Web development, so you can focus on writing your app without needing to reinvent the wheel. It’s free and open source."
"sed","26758","sed is a command line editor for POSIX environments. It processes one or more files according to an editing script and writes the results to standard output. Created at Bell Labs, it has been around since the mid-70s."
"graph","26665","This ""graph"" tag refers to a graphical data presentation, e.g. chart or diagram. For the mathematical concept use [graph-theory]."
"apache-kafka","26653","Apache Kafka is a distributed streaming platform designed to store and process high-throughput data streams."
"svn","26591","Use this tag for questions about SVN (Subversion), a centralized open-source revision control system distributed under the Apache License."
"plsql","26527","PL/SQL (Procedural Language/Structured Query Language) is Oracle Corporation's procedural language extension for SQL. Questions about PL/SQL should probably be tagged ""oracle"" as well. Questions with regular DML or DDL statements should be tagged with ""sql"" and ""oracle"", NOT with ""plsql""."
"rust","26514","Rust is a systems programming language without a garbage collector focused on three goals: safety, speed, and concurrency. Use this tag for questions about code written in Rust. Use an edition specific tag for questions that refer to code which requires a particular edition, like [rust-2018]. Use more specific tags for subtopics like [rust-cargo] and [rust-macros]."
"gridview","26489","A Gridview is a control for displaying and manipulating data from a variety of data sources."
"boost","26455","Boost is a large collection of high-quality libraries intended for use in C++. Boost is free, and is often considered a ""second standard library""."
"memory-management","26289","Process of dynamically allocating and freeing portions of physical memory in order to respond to program requests with, if possible, fairness and no starvation among the requesters."
"dynamic","26147","Dynamic refers to programs which act during run-time rather than at compile time."
"junit","25971","Popular unit testing framework for Java and Scala. The latest version, JUnit 5, supports rich annotation-based and parameterized tests. Consider using in conjunction with the Java or Scala tag to indicate your use case."
"layout","25874","The layout tag is for questions about the placement, alignment and justification of objects with respect to a containing element. For questions pertaining to CSS, use the 'css' tag instead."
"replace","25828","Replacing is the action of searching a string for a sub-string and replacing it with a different string. "
"c#-4.0","25739","C# 4.0 introduced features like dynamic objects, COM interoperability improvements, generic co- and contra-variance, optional and named parameters. Use this tag if your question specifically pertains to C# 4.0 specific features. The C# tag should be used if your question is not specific to C# 4.0 features."
"excel-formula","25533","This tag is for Microsoft Excel questions where the question or answers are specifically about the structure, syntax, or output of an Excel formula."
"spring-security","25471","Spring Security is the Spring Framework's application security solution. Spring Security can be used to secure URLs and method invocations. It is widely used to secure standalone web applications and REST APIs."
"browser","25441","A web browser or Internet browser is a software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web."
"mysqli","25439","The mysqli PHP extension is a PHP database driver. Not to be confused with MySQL database."
"types","25401","Types, and type systems, are used to enforce levels of abstraction in programs."
"websocket","25188","WebSocket is an API built on top of TCP sockets and a protocol for bi-directional, full-duplex communication between client and server without the overhead of HTTP."
"scikit-learn","25173","Scikit-learn is a machine-learning library for Python that provides simple and efficient tools for data analysis and data mining, with a focus on machine learning. It is accessible to everybody and reusable in various contexts. It is built on NumPy and SciPy. The project is open source and commercially usable (BSD license)."
"aws-lambda","24915","AWS Lambda is a compute service that lets you run code without the overhead of managing servers. (Not to be confused with the [lambda] tag, which instead refers to a type of function)."
"charts","24912","Charts are a graphical representation of data, most often in the format of a graph or diagram.  Use this tag for questions about using a charting library API."
"dll","24901","A dynamic-link library (DLL) is a module that contains functions and data that can be used by another module (application or DLL). It is Microsoft's implementation of the shared library concept in the Microsoft Windows and OS/2 operating systems. "
"google-maps-api-3","24855","Google Maps JavaScript API Version 3 lets you embed the functionality of Google Maps into your own website.  Version 3 provides greatly improved support for mobile devices. Ask non-programming and licensing questions in the Maps API Google Group (see full description for a link)"
"cmd","24831","Command Prompt (executable name cmd.exe) is the Microsoft supplied command line interpreter on OS/2, Windows CE, and all Microsoft Windows operating systems. Use this tag for questions regarding programming scripts or on commands available to run from the Command Prompt.  Add tags for which version of Windows, and tags describing the task or issue."
"import","24747","The general process of moving data from an external source into one's platform, program, or data set."
"extjs","24670","Sencha Ext JS is a JavaScript framework for building rich Internet applications (RIAs)."
"sass","24667","Sass (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets) is an extension of CSS adding features like nested rules, variables, mixins and class extensions. This enables developers to write structured, manageable and reusable CSS. Sass is compiled into standard CSS. It is primarily a CSS pre-processor language that accepts both the CSS and its personalised syntax of writing visual design codes."
"shiny","24627","Shiny is an R package that makes it easy to build interactive web applications using only R."
"reporting-services","24621","SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) is a server-based report generator from Microsoft. It provides a full range of ready-to-use tools and services to help you create, deploy, and manage reports for your organization."
"twitter","24539","Twitter is a microblogging service that lets users post short ""Tweets"" of up to 280 characters. These can also be posted via its API."
"plugins","24458","A plug-in (or plugin) is a set of software components that adds specific abilities to a larger software application. If supported, plug-ins enable customizing the functionality of an application."
"azure-devops","24328","Azure DevOps is a suite of 5 services you use together or independently. For example, Azure Pipelines provides build services (CI) as well as release management for continuous delivery (CD) to any cloud and on-premises servers. Azure Repos provides unlimited private Git hosting, Azure Boards provides agile planning (issues, Kanban, Scrum, and dashboards). Please note that there's a separate tag for Azure DevOps Server (formerly TFS) - the on-prem version."
"highcharts","24286","Highcharts is a Javascript charting library that uses HTML, SVG, and VML. The editor offers both open source/nonprofit and commercial editions of the product."
"eloquent","24281","The Eloquent ORM included with Laravel provides a beautiful, simple ActiveRecord implementation for working with your database. Each database table has a corresponding ""Model"" which is used to interact with that table. Models allow you to query for data in your tables, as well as insert new records into the table."
"dependency-injection","24253","A design pattern to reduce coupling between components, by dynamically injecting into a software component dependencies that it needs to function."
"error-handling","24157","Programming language constructs designed to handle errors signaled by error codes, exceptions or other language specific means."
"foreach","24132","foreach is a looping construct that executes a given piece of code for each element in a list/collection/array. In contrast to a for loop, the foreach loop doesn't require the coder to maintain a counter variable to avoid off-by-one (fencepost) bugs. It is recommended to use when simple iteration over whole array/list/collection is needed."
"apache-flex","24064","Apache Flex [NOT CSS FLEXBOX] is a framework for developing Rich Internet Applications that run in Flash Player or Adobe Air. Originally designed by Adobe, Flex was donated to the Apache Software Foundation in 2011 and became a top level Apache project in December 2012. "
"unicode","24016","Unicode is a standard for the encoding, representation and handling of text with the intention of supporting all the characters required for written text incorporating all writing systems, technical symbols and punctuation."
"vuejs2","23981","Use this tag for questions specific to version 2 of Vue.js, an open-source, progressive JavaScript framework for building user interfaces. Consider also using the main [vue.js] tag in addition to this one."
"reflection","23959","Reflection is the ability of a program to observe and/or modify its structure and/or behavior at runtime. Reflection is dependent on the supporting programming language - please tag the programming language being used when using this tag."
"docker-compose","23947","Compose is a tool for defining and running complex applications with Docker. With Compose, you define a multi-container application in a single file, then spin your application up in a single command which does everything that needs to be done to get it running."
"while-loop","23922","A while loop is a control structure used in many programming languages to continuously execute a set of instructions as long as a particular condition is met."
"ffmpeg","23916","Only questions about programmatic use of the FFmpeg libraries, API, or tools are on topic. Questions about interactive use of the command line tool should be asked on Super User or Video Production.  FFmpeg is a free, open source project that produces libraries and programs for handling multimedia data."
"netbeans","23863","NetBeans refers to both a platform framework for Java desktop applications, and an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing with Java and other languages."
"ember.js","23823","Ember.js is a component-service application framework written in JavaScript.  Consider making your question easier to answer by using the preconfigured templates mentioned in this tag's wiki. (Always specify version of ember used when describing your issue) "
"https","23777","Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is a combination of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol with the SSL/TLS protocol to provide encrypted communication and secure identification of a network web server."
"swiftui","23769","SwiftUI is a way to build user interfaces across all Apple platforms. Build user interfaces for any Apple device using one set of tools and APIs. With a declarative Swift syntax that’s easy to read and natural to write, SwiftUI works seamlessly with Xcode design tools to keep your code and design perfectly in sync. Automatic support for Dynamic Type, Dark Mode, localization, and accessibility. Use this tag for questions about SwiftUI on any platform."
"cmake","23768","CMake is a cross-platform, open-source build system generator. It generates files for build systems like native makefiles, ninja-build and project files for several integrated development environments."
"pdo","23667","PDO (PHP Data Objects) is a data-access abstraction layer (interface) for PHP. It works with most database systems."
"database-design","23583","Database design is the process of specifying the structure and thus the logical aspects of a database. The goal of database design is to make a representation of some ""universe of discourse"" - the types of facts, business rules and other requirements that the database is intended to model."
"group-by","23560","GROUP BY is a command in the SQL relational database standard for collapsing a group of rows that share common field value(s) into a single row. Aggregate functions can be performed on other fields in the group, such as SUM() or AVG(), to collate related data into a single value."
"deployment","23523","A series of activities that makes a program available for use (usually in test or production environments)"
"makefile","23376","A makefile is an input file for the build control language/tool make. It specifies targets and dependencies along with associated commands to perform (a.k.a. recipes) to update the targets.  "
"deep-learning","23226","Deep Learning is an area of machine learning whose goal is to learn complex functions using special neural network architectures that are ""deep""  (consist of many layers). This tag should be used for questions about implementation of deep learning architectures. General machine learning questions should be tagged ""machine learning"". Including a tag for the relevant software library (e.g., ""keras"", ""tensorflow"",""pytorch"",""fast.ai"" etc) is helpful."
"server","23172","A server is a running instance of a software application capable of accepting requests from a client and giving responses accordingly. "
"encoding","23050","Encoding is a set of predefined rules to reversibly transform a piece of information in a certain representation into a completely different representation. The other way round is called decoding. This tag is rather generic, but it is mainly used for binary encoding schemes such as base 64 and hexadecimal."
"visual-studio-2012","23037","Visual Studio 2012 is a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio. Do not use this tag unless you have a specific question about Visual Studio -- not just a coding issue."
"hash","22998","A hash function is any well-defined procedure or mathematical function that converts a large amount of data into a small datum, usually a single integer. For questions about hashtags as used to label content on social media, use hashtag. For questions about URLs and HTML anchors, use fragment-identifier.  For questions about Ruby's hash type, use ruby-hash."
"collections","22952","Collections APIs provide developers with a set of classes and interfaces that make it easier to handle collections of objects."
"data-binding","22889","A general technique that binds two data/information sources together and maintains them in sync."
"jquery-mobile","22730","jQuery Mobile is a touch-optimized web framework for smartphones and tablets. It provides a unified user interface system across all popular mobile device platforms, built on jQuery."
"merge","22598","Merging is a generic term for combining two or more related sets of data. It is commonly associated with revision control systems when reconciling multiple changes made to a revision-controlled collection of files.  Merging multiple data sets is another use of this tag."
"async-await","22525","This covers the asynchronous programming model supported by various programming languages, using the async and await keywords."
"command-line","22447","A command line is a string given to a command interpreter that tells it actions to take, such as running programs or copying files. The interpreter processes command lines with escapes and substitutions.  "
"service","22422","A Service is a long-running executable that performs specific functions and which is designed not to require user intervention."
"redis","22160","Redis is an open source (BSD licensed), in-memory data structure store, used as a database, cache and message broker. It supports data structures such as strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets with range queries, bitmaps, hyperloglogs, geospatial indexes with radius queries and streams. It also provides pub-sub capabilities. Use this tag for questions related to Redis and in-memory system."
"printing","22152","Printing is a process for reproducing text and images, typically with ink or toner, on paper using a printer, or on screen."
"java-8","22067","Use this tag for questions specific to Java 8 which is version 8 (internal number 1.8) of the Java platform, released on 18 March 2014. In most cases, you should also specify the java tag."
"terminal","22015","A terminal or command-line interface is a text-only interface for interacting with an operating system or a piece of software. A user typically types commands into the terminal to perform specific tasks."
"split","21900","Use this tag for questions about separating an item (e.g. a string) into parts, often by a delimiter or regular expression."
"html-table","21856","As it relates to HTML, tables are used to display data in a tabular fashion. Questions regarding HTML tables should be asked by showing the source-code one has problem with, or, if the question is about a failed attempt to create a table according to the desires, the asker needs to show the failed try, describe the expectations and how the behavior was different."
"tcp","21750","Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is a transport layer protocol that provides a connection-oriented data stream service with guaranteed, in-order delivery."
"web-applications","21632","Do NOT use alone. Do NOT use with web-frameworks or libraries like [reactjs], [django] or [flask].   Use for questions about web applications, where a more specific tag isn't applicable. Use with a appropriate language tag([java]) and the specific aspect of web-application, the question is about: http method([post],[get]), errors([http-status-code-404]), client-server communication ([client-server]) or server errors."
"tfs","21606","Team Foundation Server (TFS) is the on-premises version of Azure DevOps, providing Git and version control hosting, continuous integration, agile planning (issues, Kanban, Scrum, dashboards) and release management for continuous delivery to the cloud and on-premises."
"webview","21459","Elements in graphical user interfaces that host HTML content. For Android, look at the android-webview tag. For iOS, look under uiwebview or wkwebview."
"twitter-bootstrap-3","21458","Bootstrap 3 is the third generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development with an attractive look and feel. Use with the [twitter-bootstrap] tag"
"utf-8","21395","UTF-8 is a character encoding that describes each Unicode code point using a byte sequence of one to four bytes.  It is backwards-compatible with ASCII while still supporting representation of all Unicode code points."
"neo4j","21393","Neo4j is an open-source graph database (GDB) well suited to connected data. Please mention your exact version of Neo4j when asking questions. You can use it for recommendation engines, fraud detection, graph-based search, network ops/security, and many other user cases. The database is accessed via official drivers in Java, JavaScript, Python and .NET, or community-contributed drivers in PHP, Ruby, R, Golang, Elixir, Swift and more."
"uwp","21264","The Universal Windows Platform is a common software platform for all devices running Windows 10, including Desktop. This tag should be used for questions regarding developing UWP applications on any of the supported device families. Other tags such as the languages being used (C#, C++, etc.) and the style of API (Win32, WinRT, etc.) can be added. Packaged Win32 Applications should use the Desktop-Bridge tag (possibly in addition to UWP)."
"build","21167","The process of converting source code files into standalone software artifact(s) that can be run on a computer"
"drop-down-menu","21082","A GUI element, similar to a combobox and a list box, which allows the user to choose one value from a list. When a drop-down list is inactive, it displays a single value. When activated, it displays (drops down) a list of values, from which the user may select one."
"datatable","21031","The term ""datatable"" is ambiguous. In .NET, it's a class that represents a table of in-memory data. In component based MVC frameworks like JSF and Wicket, it's an UI component that dynamically renders a HTML table based on a collection. For jQuery DataTables plugin, please use the [datatables] tag, for the data.table R package please use [data.table]. For the Python datatable package, use [py-datatable]."
"react-redux","20972","The react-redux package provides the official React bindings for Redux: the `useSelector` and `useDispatch` hooks and the `connect` higher-order component.  Use this tag for questions about accessing and updating Redux state in React components."
"concurrency","20916","In computer science, concurrency is a property of systems in which multiple computations can be performed in overlapping time periods. The computations may be executing on multiple cores in the same chip, preemptively time-shared threads on the same processor, or executed on physically separated processors. "
"hive","20845","Apache Hive is a database built on top of Hadoop and facilitates easy data summarization, ad-hoc queries, and the analysis of large datasets stored in Hadoop compatible distributed file system. Hive provides a mechanism to project structure onto this data and query the data using a SQL-like language called HiveQL.   Please DO NOT use this tag for flutter database which is also named Hive, use flutter-hive tag instead."
"promise","20815","Promises are a tactic for deferred computing, suitable for several styles of concurrency: thread and event loop concurrency for local computation, and both synchronous and asynchronous remote messaging. A promise represents the eventual result of an asynchronous operation. The primary way of working with promises is through a method which registers transformations from the promise's eventual value or failure reason to a new promise."
"gwt","20792","GWT (formerly the Google Web Toolkit) is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications. Its goal is to enable productive development of high-performance web applications without requiring the developer to be an expert in browser quirks, XMLHttpRequest, and JavaScript. GWT is used by many products at Google, including the new versions of AdWords and Groups. It's open source and completely free (Apache 2.0 licensed)."
"automation","20789","Automation is the process of having a computer do a repetitive task or a task that requires great precision or multiple steps, without requiring human intervention."
"view","20763","This tag is for questions about database view or UI / architectural view. See also the following tags: sql-view, android-view, uiview."
"module","20756","A logical subdivision of a larger, more complex system."
"scroll","20732","Scrolling refers to the continuous sliding of content across a display screen."
"django-views","20699","Django views are MVC views; they control rendering (typically through templates), and the data displayed."
"oauth-2.0","20695","OAuth (Open Authorization) is an open protocol framework to allow secure API authorization in a simple and standardized way for desktop, mobile and web applications.  OAuth 2.0 is the second version of the OAuth protocol."
"file-io","20666","File I/O is input/output that involves the file system.  This could include performing operations on directories and files, such as creation and deletion, reading files, and writing output to files."
"backbone.js","20655","Backbone.js is a JavaScript framework with a RESTful JSON interface and is based on the model–view–presenter (MVP) application design paradigm"
"enums","20626","A data type consisting of a set of named values called elements, members or enumerators of the type."
"zend-framework","20447","Zend Framework is an open source, object-oriented web application framework implemented in PHP 7.1 and licensed under the New BSD License.  Zend Framework was archived on 1 January 2020 simultaneously with migration to and launch of Laminas Project, an official continuation under The Linux Foundation governance. "
"paypal","20353","For questions about the PayPal API used by software developers to process payments, manage invoices, monitor accounts, etc. (For user-level support, contact PayPal directly using their site.)"
"syntax","20352","Syntax refers to the actual language elements and symbols themselves. Questions should be tagged as syntax when the question specifically and almost completely relates to syntax alone. This tag should be used with a specific language tag"
"parameters","20297","Parameters are a type of variable used in a subroutine to refer to the data provided as input to the subroutine."
"colors","20171","Use this tag for questions about representing or manipulating colors in a programming language."
"google-analytics","20167","Google Analytics is a free web analytics solution that uses JavaScript to send data. Use for questions only about implementing the JavaScript portion. Questions related to Google Analytics data or usage should be submitted to https://webapps.stackexchange.com/"
"knockout.js","20157","Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern."
"outlook","20107","Microsoft Outlook is a personal information manager from Microsoft (most notably used for handling e-mail), available both as a separate application as well as a part of the Microsoft Office suite."
"ssis","20093","SSIS (Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions. SSIS is used to perform ETL operations; i.e. extract, transform and load data."
"drupal","20047","Drupal is an open source CMS framework written in PHP.  *IMPORTANT* Rather than using this tag, consider posting your question directly on https://drupal.stackexchange.com/. Also, because of substantial differences between major versions, consider using either the drupal-6, drupal-7 or drupal-8 tags. "
"solr","20038","Apache Solr is an open source search server based on the Lucene Java search library."
"sqlalchemy","19974","SQLAlchemy is a Python SQL toolkit and Object Relational Mapper that gives application developers the full power and flexibility of SQL."
"pip","19899","Use for questions about the Python package installer"
"fonts","19873","A font is an electronic data file containing a set of glyphs, characters, or symbols such as dingbats. Although the term font first referred to a set of metal type sorts in one style and size, since the 1990s most fonts are digital, used on computers."
"count","19833","Count refers to the number of objects in a collection. It's also a commonly-used SQL function that counts the number of rows."
"constructor","19808","A special type of subroutine called at the creation of an object."
"datagridview","19795","DataGridView is a Windows Forms control used to display and edit tabular data."
"oracle11g","19773","Oracle is an Object-relational Database Management System (ORDBMS) created by Oracle Corporation. Specific releases of the product are known as Oracle9i, Oracle10g, Oracle 11g and Oracle 12c, where ""i"", ""g"" and ""c"" stand for ""internet"", ""grid"" and ""cloud"" respectively. Generally there are two releases within each major version. Questions tagged [oracle11g] are assumed to be specific to this version or features introduced in this version."
"google-bigquery","19763","Google BigQuery is a Google Cloud Platform product providing serverless queries of petabyte-scale data sets using SQL. BigQuery provides multiple read-write pipelines, and enables data analytics that transform how businesses analyze data."
"windows-phone-7","19740","Windows Phone is Microsoft's, now deprecated, mobile operating system and software development platform. Use this tag for questions specific to Version 7.x  "
"react-hooks","19695","React Hooks are a feature that allows developers to use state(s) and other React component lifecycle features without writing a class-based component."
"graphics","19683","Graphics are visual presentations. Questions using this tag should also be tagged with the appropriate language and graphics subsystem in use. For more general graphics questions, consider Computer Graphics Stack Exchange (computergraphics.stackexchange.com)."
"lua","19674","Lua is a powerful, fast, lightweight, embeddable scripting language. It is dynamically typed, runs by interpreting bytecode, and has automatic garbage collection. Its speed is one of the main reasons it is widely used by the machine learning community. It is often referred to as an ""extensible extension language"". "
"parse-platform","19653","Parse-Platform provides an open source backend for powering end-user applications. Parse supports a number of different platforms, including iOS (7.0+), OS X (10.9+), Android (API level 9+), Unity 5, and Windows (8+), as well as web applications. SDKs are available for a number of these platforms."
"visual-studio-2015","19632","Visual Studio 2015 is the version of Microsoft's Visual Studio product suite which follows 2013 version (also known as ""Dev14"", includes C++ compiler version 19.0).  Use this tag if you have a specific question about Visual Studio 2015 features and functionality, not just a question reading your code."
"apache-spark-sql","19603","Apache Spark SQL is a tool for ""SQL and structured data processing"" on Spark, a fast and general-purpose cluster computing system. It can be used to retrieve data from Hive, Parquet etc. and run SQL queries over existing RDDs and Datasets."
"parallel-processing","19591","Parallel processing is, in sharp contrast to just a Concurrent processing, guaranteed to start / perform / finish all thread-level and/or instruction-level tasks executed in a parallel fashion and provides a guaranteed finish of the simultaneously executed code-paths."
"socket.io","19503","Socket.IO aims to make real-time apps possible in every browser and mobile device, blurring the differences between the different transport mechanisms. It supports multiple transports, such as WebSockets, Flash sockets, long polling, and more, automatically falling back when a transport fails."
"ansible","19415","Red Hat Ansible is a model-driven, configuration management, multi-node deployment/orchestration and remote task execution system. It uses SSH by default, so there is no special software to be installed on the nodes you manage. Ansible is written in Python but can be extended in any language. "
"memory-leaks","19301","A memory leak occurs when a program fails to release memory that it has allocated but is no longer using and is not recoverable."
"flexbox","19213","CSS module for flexible layouts providing a broad range of options for aligning elements while eliminating the need for floats and tables."
"oauth","19176","OAuth (Open Authorization) is a specification for client applications to access protected resources on behalf of a user. It was developed as an alternative to users handing out their login credentials to third-party applications."
"scipy","19166","SciPy is an open source library of algorithms and mathematical tools for the Python programming language."
"ms-word","19120","For programming questions related to Microsoft's ""Word"" editor.  Questions on general usage of the editor are off-topic for Stack Overflow; they should be asked on Super User instead."
"primefaces","19078","PrimeFaces is a JSF (Java Server Faces aka Jakarta Faces) component library that ships with a large set of rich components which utilizes jQuery under the covers as well as a few other select JavaScript libraries.   It is a very mature library with an active development community."
"axios","18990","Axios is a Promise-based HTTP client for JavaScript which can be used in your front-end application and in your Node.js backend."
"python-requests","18909","USE ONLY FOR THE PYTHON REQUESTS LIBRARY. Requests is a full-featured Python HTTP library with an easy-to-use, logical API."
"interface","18888","An interface refers to the designated point of interaction with a component. Interfaces are applicable at both the hardware and software level.  ---  It also refers to the language-element `interface`, which is the sole exception to single-inheritance in Java, C# and similar languages."
"timer","18861","Timer is a component that has the functionality to trigger a user defined action at regular intervals as configured by the user. "
"jupyter-notebook","18856","The Jupyter Notebook is a web application that provides a frontend to many different languages and interactive shells such as IPython. Jupyter Notebook, unlike its predecessor IPython Notebook, supports many different languages and interactive shells in addition to Python and IPython."
"spring-data-jpa","18836","Spring Data - JPA is part of the Spring Data umbrella project which makes it easy to implement JPA based repositories"
"visual-studio-2013","18822","Visual Studio 2013 is a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio (also known as ""Dev12"", includes C++ compiler version 18.0). Do not use this tag unless you have a specific question about Visual Studio -- not just a coding issue."
"three.js","18815","Three.js is a lightweight cross-browser JavaScript library/API used to create and display animated 3D computer graphics on a Web browser. Three.js scripts may be used in conjunction with the HTML5 canvas element, SVG or WebGL. "
"cassandra","18730","Apache Cassandra is a highly scalable, eventually consistent, distributed, structured row/column store."
"compiler-errors","18726","An error that is generated during the compilation phase, often due to problems with invalid syntax and/or types.  Compare to [runtime-error]."
"neural-network","18725","Network structure inspired by simplified models of biological neurons (brain cells).  Neural networks are trained to ""learn"" by supervised and unsupervised techniques, and can be used to solve optimization problems, approximation problems, classify patterns, and combinations thereof. "
"proxy","18680","A proxy is a device or program that stands between two or more interconnected programs or devices. Use [dynamic-proxy] for the Java class and [proxy-pattern] for the design pattern."
"casting","18665","Casting is a process where an object type is explicitly converted into another type if the conversion is allowed. This process might lead to a change in value."
"uiview","18577","UIView is a class in the UIKit framework of iOS defines a rectangular area on the screen and the interfaces for managing the content in that area. All UI elements are either subclasses of UIView or are contained within a UIView. "
"vbscript","18516","VBScript (Visual Basic Scripting Edition) is an interpreted scripting language developed by Microsoft that is modeled on Visual Basic.  VBScript is not the same thing as VBA or VB.NET.  They are three different things, so use the correct tags."
"django-forms","18497","Specific questions related to forms within the Django web framework."
"firebase-authentication","18496","Firebase Authentication provides backend services, easy-to-use SDKs, and ready-made UI libraries to authenticate users to your app."
"jestjs","18457","Jest is a JavaScript unit testing framework made by Facebook based on Jasmine and provides automated mock creation and a jsdom environment. It's often used for testing React components."
"directory","18416","A directory or folder is a virtual container within a digital file system, in which groups of computer files and other directories can be kept and organized."
"sql-server-2005","18416","Use this tag for questions specific to the 2005 version of Microsoft's SQL Server."
"swift3","18403","Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 3 of Apple's Swift programming language. Use the tag [swift] for more general language questions, or the tags [ios], [cocoa], [apple-watch] etc for questions about developing on Apple platforms."
"datatables","18349","DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library. It is a highly flexible tool, based upon the foundations of progressive enhancement, which will add advanced interaction controls to any HTML table. Do not use this together with [datatable]."
"orm","18312","Object-relational mapping (ORM) is a technique for mapping object-oriented systems to relational databases. Use other tags to indicate the programming language ([java], [sql], [python]), database system ([postgreSQL], content management system ([django]), framework ([flask], [spring], [laravel]), application environment ([android], [node.js]), and other tags that can be used for searches and have watchers."
"linked-list","18298","A linked list is a data structure where the list elements are not necessarily stored sequentially but rather each element contains a reference to the next (and optionally the previous) element in the list. This tag should be used with additional tags indicating the programming language being used ([c], [c++], [java], etc.) and any libraries or plug-ins being used such as [c++-standard-library]. The post itself should contain source code for the issue."
"rxjs","18293","RxJS is a library for reactive programming using Observables, to make it easier to compose asynchronous or callback-based code."
"jar","18291","JAR file (or Java ARchive) aggregates many files into one. JAR files build on the ZIP file format."
"windows-phone-8","18285","Windows Phone 8 is a version of Windows Phone (Oct 29, 2012 - present) that succeeds Windows Phone 7.5 and includes many new features."
"push-notification","18276","Push notifications are alerts, badges, or sounds which are pushed to a mobile device from a remote server.  Apple delivers push notifications via the Apple Push Notification Service (APNS). Android devices receive push notifications via the Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) service. In the past, Android devices used the Cloud to Device Messaging (C2DM) framework. Windows Phone apps receive push notifications either via MPNS or the newer WNS."
"triggers","18237","Triggers are rules that perform actions or invoke functions in response to events such as matching conditions or database changes. Use with an applicable database, platform, product, or service tag where possible. Always use with corresponding language tag."
"google-api","18208","Use for questions about various Google APIs. The APIs are usually based on popular Google consumer products, including Cloud Platform, Google Maps, Google Earth, AdSense, Adwords, Google Apps, and YouTube. Do not use for API client library questions."
"login","18205","A login or logon (also called logging in or on and signing in or on) is the process by which individual access to a computer system is controlled by identification of the user using credentials provided by the user. Please use the [authentication] tag instead."
"arduino","18165","ARDUINO QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED. Arduino is an open-source electronics prototyping platform based on easy-to-use hardware and software. Questions should relate to programming Arduinos only (as in contain code). General Arduino questions may be asked on https://arduino.stackexchange.com or https://forum.arduino.cc"
"pygame","18059","Pygame is a set of Python modules designed for writing video games.   Use this tag only if you are using the Pygame library and not if you have a question about programming a game in Python in general."
"hyperlink","17901","A hyperlink is a reference to a document (or a section) that can be followed for retrieval using a navigation system that allows selecting emphasized content within an originating document."
"routes","17887","Questions about mapping URLs to Controllers and Actions."
"model","17854","Part of the MVC pattern, the Model manages the behaviour and data of the application. "
"rspec","17788","RSpec is a behavior-driven development (BDD) framework for the Ruby programming language, inspired by JBehave. It contains its own fully integrated mocking framework based upon JMock. The framework can be considered a domain-specific language (DSL) and resembles a natural language specification."
"path","17787","The general form of a file or directory name that specifies a unique location in a file system.  In many Linux and Unix-like OS the PATH (all upper case) variable specifies the directories where executable programs are searched for. "
"xamarin.android","17772","Xamarin.Android (previously known as Mono for Android) is an implementation of Mono that runs on the Android platform, allowing you to write Android applications in C# using native Android libraries as well as using the .NET BCL (Base Class Libraries). Use this tag for issues that only occur when using Xamarin.Android, or when using Android-specific features."
"functional-programming","17757","Functional programming is a programming paradigm based upon building abstractions using functions, avoiding side effects and change of state. Pure functional programming is thread-safe."
"combobox","17574","Combobox allows to select one option out of several (similar to a dropdownlist), or to type a custom option. "
"nlp","17544","Natural language processing (NLP) is a subfield of artificial intelligence that involves transforming or extracting useful information from natural language data. Methods include machine-learning and rule-based approaches."
"download","17504","Receiving data to a local system from a remote system, or to initiate such a data transfer. Do not use this tag for question asking where to download off-site resource."
"react-router","17494","React Router - A complete routing library for React inspired by Ember's routing system"
"angularjs-directive","17477","AngularJS directives are a way to teach HTML new tricks by extending the HTML vocabulary. Directives allow you to manage DOM elements in a declarative pattern, freeing you from low level DOM manipulation tasks."
"django-templates","17441","Questions about the template engine of Django, which is intended to separate the presentation of a document from its data."
"nhibernate","17437","NHibernate is an open source object-relational mapper (ORM) for the .NET framework. "
"properties","17396","A property, in some object-oriented programming languages, is a special sort of class member, intermediate between a field (or data member) and a method. Properties are read and written like fields, but property reads and writes are (usually) translated to get and set method calls. "
"process","17389","This tag is about operating system processes. It may also refer to a specific construct on a given platform, e.g., the System.Diagnostics.Process class for .NET"
"emacs","17324","GNU Emacs is an extensible, customizable, self-documenting text editor, which can be extended with Lisp code.  Although Emacs is a general-purpose editor, questions may be on-topic here if they are about extending Emacs itself (usually by writing Emacs Lisp functions) or about specific programming modes. Otherwise (and perhaps also in those cases), consider asking your question on Emacs Stack Exchange."
"callback","17196","A callback is a piece of code (i.e. the address or reference of a function or method or a lambda expression) that is passed as an argument to other code, which is expected to call back (execute) the argument at some convenient time. This tag should be used with questions about an API that uses call backs to notify the caller when an action is complete. Use the event-handling tag for questions involving subscribing to events such as in a GUI framework."
"configuration","17152","Configuration is the process of specifying the settings used for a system or application"
"playframework","17151","Play Framework is a modern open-source web framework for Java and Scala."
"clojure","17145","Clojure is a modern Lisp dialect for the Java Virtual Machine (with versions for the CLR and JavaScript). More than merely an implementation of Lisp in Java, Clojure provides access to Java's classes and ecosystem."
"graphql","17120","GraphQL is an API technology designed to describe the complex, nested data dependencies of modern web applications. It is often considered an alternative to SOAP or REST"
"angular-material","17074","Angular Material is an implementation of Material Design in Angular. Do not use this tag for AngularJS Material, the implementation of Material Design for the older AngularJS framework."
"cron","16906","Cron is a time-based job scheduler running as a daemon process in Unix-like computer operating systems."
"doctrine-orm","16903","Doctrine ORM is a PHP ORM. While Doctrine 1.2 uses the Active Record pattern, Doctrine ORM 2 and up uses the Data Mapper pattern. The Doctrine project is a collection of open source libraries and tools for dealing with database abstraction and Object-Relational Mapping written in PHP. "
"safari","16897","Safari is Apple's web browser, the default browser on macOS and iOS."
"sql-server-2012","16843","Use this tag for questions specific to the 2012 version of Microsoft's SQL Server."
"io","16836","In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world, possibly a human, or another information processing system."
"jmeter","16797","Apache JMeter is an open source Java application, designed to load-test functional behavior and measure performance. Originally designed for testing Web Applications, it has since expanded to other test functions as well."
"scripting","16759","This tag is non-specific. Use a specific script tag instead.  The following tags are much more specific: [awk] [bash] [bat] [google-apps-script] [javascript] [perl] [php] [python] [ruby] [sh] [powershell] "
"yii","16737","Use for questions about any version of Yii, an open-source MVC framework for writing web 2.0 applications in PHP5+"
"scope","16710","Scope is an enclosing context where values and expressions are associated. Use this tag for questions about different types of scope as well for questions where scope may be unclear."
"pagination","16702","Pagination is the process of dividing information into discrete pages."
"dns","16618","DNS QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED. Use this tag for programming questions related to writing code that interacts with the Domain Name System (DNS); for example, writing code that uses gethostbyname()"
"entity-framework-core","16611","Entity Framework Core (EF Core) is an open source multi-platform ORM developed by Microsoft, targeting .NET 6. Please add a version specific tag, when applicable. Do NOT use this tag for Entity Framework questions; use [entity-framework] instead. Entity Framework is a different, and much older, product."
"version-control","16610","Version control is the management of changes to documents, programs, and other information stored as computer files. Use this tag to mark general questions about usage and applicability of version control, VCS comparison. For most commands and techniques specific to each particular VCS there are specific tags, which should be preferred."
"binding","16548","This tag means different things in different contexts; consider using less ambiguous tags instead or in addition. Common meanings include: Dependency-Injection and  Data Binding to Objects and Bindings between components of an Application. "
"url-rewriting","16531","A URL rewrite engine is software that modifies a web URL's appearance (URL rewriting). Rewritten URLs are used to provide shorter and more relevant-looking links to web pages, to route users from obsolete URLs to replacements, or to simplify the format of the URL for human readability. The technique adds a degree of separation between the files used to generate a web page and the URL that is presented to the world. "
"responsive-design","16477","Responsive Web Design (RWD) is an approach to Web design and development that aims at crafting sites to provide optimal experiences across a wide range of devices based on screen size, platform, and orientation."
"kendo-ui","16460","Kendo UI is a framework to build HTML UI. It delivers everything needed for client-side, jQuery-powered development in one integrated, compact package, complete with AngularJS integration."
"permissions","16449","Permissions define the operations that authenticated users are allowed to perform on file systems, databases and other computer systems."
"scrapy","16407","Scrapy is a fast open-source high-level screen scraping and web crawling framework written in Python used to crawl websites and extract structured data from their pages. It can be used for a wide range of purposes, from data mining to monitoring and automated testing."
"bluetooth","16368","Bluetooth is a global open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances (using short wavelength radio transmissions) from fixed and mobile devices, creating personal area networks (PANs) with high levels of security."
"linux-kernel","16308","This tag is for questions about the internals of the Linux kernel itself - particularly about writing code that runs within the context of the kernel (like kernel modules or drivers).  Questions about writing userspace code in Linux should generally be tagged [linux] instead.  Since the internals of the Linux kernel are constantly changing, it is helpful to include the precise kernel version(s) that you are interested in."
"compilation","16289","Compilation is the transformation of source text into some other form or representation. The most common usage of this tag is for questions concerning transformation of a programming language into machine code. This tag is normally used with another tag indicating the type of the source text such as a programming language tag (C, C++, Go, etc.) and a tag indicating the tool or compiler being used for the transformation (gcc, Visual Studio, etc.)."
"get","16279","GET is one of many request methods supported by the HTTP protocol. The GET request method is used when the client needs to get data from the server as part of the request-URI.  "
"raspberry-pi","16264","The Raspberry Pi is a small, inexpensive ARM-based PC device. PROGRAMMING QUESTIONS ONLY. Questions about using it should be asked on https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com/"
"f#","16226","F# is a succinct, expressive and efficient functional and object-oriented language for .NET which helps you write simple code to solve complex problems."
"architecture","16215","Architecture encompasses the process, artifacts and high-level structure of a solution."
"reference","16212","A reference is a value that enables a program to indirectly access a particular datum, such as a variable or a record, in the computer's memory or in some other storage device. "
"discord","16168","For use with the Discord API, which provides an interface that allows you to program bots for Discord messaging services. If asking about a specific API wrapper, please tag the library as well."
"uiviewcontroller","16167","The UIViewController class manages the views in iOS apps and mediates the interaction between an app's views, its underlying model objects, and the overall workflow."
"autocomplete","16162","Autocomplete is a UI feature provided by applications, where the program predicts a word or phrase that the user wants to type without the user actually typing it completely."
"material-ui","16147","React components that implement Google's Material Design. Please note that this tag should be used for questions regarding the MUI (formerly Material-UI) library. Otherwise, see the tag's info for other tags to use."
"3d","16142","3D computer graphics are graphics that use a three-dimensional representation of geometric data stored in the computer for the purposes of performing calculations and rendering 2D images."
"datepicker","16103","A datepicker is a user interface element in many frameworks that allows a user to choose a date and also, in some cases, time, often through a visual calendar."
"request","16048","A request is a message sent by a source to another object."
"xamarin.ios","16039","Xamarin.iOS (previously known as MonoTouch) is a commercial software development kit for Mac OS X and Windows that lets you use C# (a .NET programming language) to create native applications for Apple iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad (iOS), Apple Watch (watchOS) and AppleTV (tvOS) devices."
"phpmyadmin","15876","phpMyAdmin is an open-source, web-based MySQL administration tool written in PHP. Use this tag for problems related to using this tool and not for general query problems"
"controller","15874","A controller is responsible for executing a sequence of instructions in response to some stimulus (maybe a command, action, or event). This is often used in conjunction with the Spring or model-view-controller tags."
"jsf-2","15841","JavaServer Faces (JSF) is a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create web applications. Version 2.x is a major step ahead compared to JSF 1.x, significantly expanding the standard set of components and component libraries."
"tree","15800","A tree is a widely-used data structure that emulates a hierarchical tree-like structure with a set of linked nodes."
"pytorch","15776","PyTorch is an open-source deep learning framework and API that creates a Dynamic Computational Graph, which allows you to flexibly change the way your neural network behaves on the fly and capable is of performing automatic backward differentiation."
"static","15734","Static is a term used in some programming languages to define a function or data storage area (field) that is not bound to any specific object instance.  In the majority of cases this tag, if used, should be used in conjunction with a specific programming language tag."
"pyqt","15711","PyQt is a set of Python v2 and v3 bindings for The Qt Company's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS and Android"
"visual-studio-2008","15700","This tag refers to the Visual Studio line of software development products from Microsoft, the 2008 version. Do not use this tag unless you have a specific question about Visual Studio -- not just a coding issue.  Questions should be specific to the 2008 version of Visual Studio."
"nullpointerexception","15686","The Java exception thrown when an application attempts to use null in a case where an object is required. "
"asp.net-mvc-5","15579","ASP.NET MVC 5 is the fifth major version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications."
"android-listview","15570","a subclass of AdapterView which shows items in a vertically scrolling list."
"datagrid","15541","A graphical user interface element that presents a tabular view of data."
"x86","15538","x86 is an architecture derived from the Intel 8086 CPU. The x86 family includes the 32-bit IA-32 and 64-bit x86-64 architectures, as well as legacy 16-bit architectures. Questions about the latter should be tagged [x86-16] and/or [emu8086]. Use the [x86-64] tag if your question is specific to 64-bit x86-64. For the x86 FPU, use the tag [x87].  For SSE1/2/3/4 / AVX* also use [sse], and any of [avx] / [avx2] / [avx512] that apply"
"webforms","15504","Web Forms is a part of the ASP.NET web framework. It is one of the programming models you can use to create web applications. Web Forms are pages that users request through their browsers and that form the user interface (UI) that gives web applications their look and feel."
"grep","15495","grep is a command-line text-search utility originally written for Unix. It uses regular expressions to match text, and is commonly used as a filter in pipelines.  Use this tag only if your question relates to programming using grep or grep-based APIs. Questions relating to using or troubleshooting grep command-line options itself are off-topic."
"bitmap","15470","Data structure for encoding pictures as a set of bits, in which each image pixel is mapped to a bit or a group of bit.  Also used for encoding other complex data where each elementary information is mapped to bits, in a similar fashion.  For platform specific bitmap API, prefer more specific tags (e.g. android-bitmap or nsbitmapimagerep). "
"menu","15410","A menu is a user interface mechanism that provides the user a means to view and execute application operations. (Generic; please use platform and/or language tags when possible instead)"
"youtube","15371","YouTube is a video-sharing website on which users can upload, share, and view videos. StackOverflow questions tagged with ""youtube"" should be about specific programming problems, software tools, or libraries. If your question is about the YouTube API, the ""youtube-api"" tag should also be added."
"notifications","15337","A notification is a user interface element displayed to indicate an event has occurred."
"ant","15296","Apache Ant (formerly Jakarta Ant) is a declarative, XML-based build tool created originally for Java projects.  It provides a rich set of standard tasks for performing most common build operations, such as compiling Java source, building archives and running tests.  Ant's functionality can be extended through custom tasks and macros. "
"transactions","15266","A set of interrelated operations that must all succeed in order for any of them to succeed.  Failure of any operation results in a rollback of all operations in the transaction."
"null","15189","Null means *nothing* or *unknown*, depending on context. Please use the ""sql-null"" tag for SQL specific questions. "
"jackson","15180","Jackson is a Java library for handling tasks like reading and writing (parsing / generating) and data binding to/from Java objects. Although primarily used for JSON, Jackson also supports many other data formats such as Avro, CBOR, CSV, Java Properties, Protobuf, Smile, XML and YAML."
"joomla","15155","Joomla! is a free and open source Content Management System (CMS) for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets and a model–view–controller (MVC) Web application framework that can also be used independently. Joomla questions can also be asked on https://joomla.stackexchange.com/"
"next.js","15141","Next.js is a minimalistic framework for server-rendered React applications as well as statically exported React apps."
"active-directory","15105","Active Directory (AD) is a distributed directory service created by Microsoft. It stores all information and settings for a deployment in a central database. AD allows administrators to assign policies, deploy and update software. AD networks can vary from a small installation with a few computers, users and printers to tens of thousands of users, many different network domains and large server farms spanning many geographical sites."
"yii2","15082","Yii 2 is the latest version of the Yii framework - a high-performance, component-based PHP framework"
"mongodb-query","15036","This tag is for questions related to querying and updating MongoDB collections, either through the mongo shell or using a programming language driver."
"stl","15003","The Standard Template Library, or STL, is a C++ library of generic containers, iterators, algorithms, and function objects.  When C++ was standardised, large parts of the STL were adopted into the Standard Library, and these parts in the Standard Library are also sometimes erroneously referred to collectively as ""the STL""."
"nested","14953","This tag relates to any of various nested entities or operations in programming."
"jboss","14921","JBoss Application Server (JBoss AS) is a free software/open-source Java EE-based, Cross-platform Application Server."
"openssl","14819","OpenSSL is an open source software toolkit that implements the SSL/TLS protocol, as well as a general cryptographic library."
"linq-to-sql","14796","LINQ to SQL is a component of .NET Framework version 3.5 that provides a run-time infrastructure for managing relational data as objects stored in Microsoft SQL Server."
"devise","14778","Devise is an authentication gem for Ruby-on-Rails. It supersedes previous solutions such as Restful Authentication or Authlogic."
"ios7","14761","iOS 7 is the seventh version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system and is the successor to iOS 6. It was announced at the company's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 10, 2013, and was released on September 18, 2013."
"stream","14679","DO NOT USE FOR THE JAVA STREAM API INTRODUCED IN JAVA 8 (use [java-stream] for those questions!)   A stream is a series of data elements which can be accessed in a serial fashion. "
"statistics","14652","Consider whether your question would be better asked at https://stats.stackexchange.com. Statistics is the mathematical study of using probability to infer characteristics of a population from a limited number of samples or observations."
"character-encoding","14639","Character encoding refers to the way characters are represented as a series of bytes. Character encoding for the Web is defined in the Encoding Standard."
"pycharm","14623","PyCharm is an integrated development environment (IDE) for Python. It is developed by JetBrains for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux."
"google-cloud-functions","14589","Google Cloud Functions is a lightweight, event-based, asynchronous compute solution that allows you to create small, single-purpose functions written in Node.js, Python or Go that respond to cloud events without the need to manage a server or a runtime environment. "
"android-asynctask","14553","Use for questions on android.os.AsyncTask"
"laravel-4","14483","Laravel 4.2 is the previous version of the open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell. Laravel helps you create applications using simple, expressive syntax."
"exception-handling","14297","Exception handling is a programming language construct or computer hardware mechanism designed to handle the occurrence of exceptions, special conditions that change the normal flow of program execution."
"azure-active-directory","14296","Microsoft Azure Active Directory (Microsoft Azure AD) is a modern developer platform and IAM service that provides identity management and access control capabilities for your cloud applications. It uses industry standard protocols like OAuth2.0, OpenId Connect, and SAML2.0. "
"hashmap","14286","A data structure that uses a hash function to map identifying values, known as keys, to their associated values"
"background","14278","Background typically refers to the rendering behind a container element's contents - usually on a web page, Windows form or other UI presentation medium."
"msbuild","14267","Microsoft Build Engine, also known as MSBuild, is a build platform for managed code and was part of .NET Framework. "
"sas","14214","The SAS language is a 4GL that underpins the SAS system, a suite of products centered around data processing and statistical procedures.  For questions about code, please include your code and some data to reproduce your problem, either in datalines/cards statements or using a sashelp dataset like sashelp.class or sashelp.cars."
"sdk","14184","A software development kit (SDK) is a set of development tools that allows for the creation of software for a certain hardware platform, development environment, or software package. A SDK may consist of a combination of APIs, an IDE or other development tools, and frameworks."
"mocking","14138","Mocking and faking are ways to isolate code or components to ensure that unit tests run against the testable unit of code only without actually utilizing other components or dependencies of an application. Mocking differs from faking in that a mock can be inspected to assert the results of a test."
"routing","14059","Routing is the process of selecting paths in a network along which to send network traffic.  For the process of associating URLs to content, use the tag url-routing instead."
"camera","14049","In the real world, a camera is a device that takes physical or digital photos. In the virtual world, it is used to aim at virtual objects and or move through a virtual scene."
"uicollectionview","14020","The UICollectionView class manages an ordered collection of data items and presents them using customizable layouts. Collection views provide the same general function as table views except that a collection view is able to support more than just single-column layouts. Collection views support customizable layouts that can be used to implement multi-column grids, tiled layouts, circular layouts, and many more. Available in iOS 6.0 and later "
"floating-point","14014","Floating point numbers are approximations of real numbers that can represent larger ranges than integers but use the same amount of memory, at the cost of lower precision. If your question is about small arithmetic errors (e.g. why does 0.2 + 0.1 equal 0.300000001?) or decimal conversion errors, please read the ""info"" page linked below before posting."
"sum","13980","The result of adding two or more quantities together. "
"opengl-es","13944","Subset of the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones."
"ftp","13942","File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a well-established protocol for conducting file operations (such as transferring files) over a TCP-based network such as the Internet."
"computer-vision","13913","Use this tag for questions related to Computer Vision -- any aspect of software that enables computers to perceive, understand and react to their environment using cameras. For questions related to image filtering and quantification, use the tag [image-processing] instead."
"gitlab","13893","GitLab is an open source Git repository manager with issue tracking and wiki as well as continuous integration features. Use this tag for programming questions related to the GitLab API or similar; questions about general usage are considered off-topic."
"onclick","13888","An event which occurs when user clicked an object. It is a combination of two events, that is,  ""onmousedown"" and ""onmouseup""."
"insert","13885","Insert is an action to add information to a larger container that the information should reside within. Some examples include inserting a file into a file system, inserting a record into a database, or inserting an item into a list."
"jwt","13884","JSON Web Token (JWT, pronounced ""jot"") is a type of token-based authentication used in space-constrained environments such as HTTP Authorization headers. Use this tag for questions relating to the configuration, generation and usage of JWTs in your code."
"textview","13876","Text View is an UI element that allows users to view and/or modify the displayed text. Use this tag for programming questions related text views, and add the relevant programming language or technology tag to get more exposure for your question. General UX questions regarding where to place a text view, and other similar opinion based questions are not on topic for Stack Overflow. "
"binary","13874","Binary, the base-2 numeral system, represents numbers using two symbols: 0 and 1. For compiled computer programs, use the ""executable"" tag instead."
"coldfusion","13865","ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, implementing the dynamic general purpose CFML programming language. Please include CFML version, OS, and web server in questions."
"discord.js","13861","discord.js is a Node.js module that allows the developer to interact with the Discord API.  Use this tag for questions about the usage of discord.js, not for questions regarding the Discord API or Discord in general (for API questions, use the 'discord' tag).  Consider also using the 'javascript' and the 'node.js' tags."
"css-selectors","13833","Selectors are patterns that match against elements in a document tree. In a CSS rule, they are used to define styles for elements that match the pattern."
"tabs","13825","A user interface pattern that allows for the display of multiple pages or elements with a navigation reference above, below, or to the side of the content.  On clicking the navigation reference, one element is made visible while others are toggled off.  Often, the navigation reference is color-coded in a manner to indicate that it is currently visible."
"xsd","13756","XSD generally refers to a document written in the W3C XML Schema format, containing a description of a particular type of XML document."
"upload","13740","Upload refers to the sending of data from a local system to a remote system such as a server or another client with the intent that the remote system should store a copy of the data being transferred, or the initiation of such a process"
"powerbi","13739","Power BI is a free, self-service analytics tool available individually or integrated with Microsoft Excel, Office 365 and all major Databases and analytics tools.  "
"cryptography","13724","CRYPTOGRAPHY MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED. Cryptography covers, among other things, symmetric and asymmetric encryption, hashing, and digital signatures. Cryptography questions not directly related to software development are better asked at crypto.stackexchange.com. "
"duplicates","13534","The ""duplicates"" tag concerns detecting and/or dealing with multiple instances of items in collections."
"google-drive-api","13492","Questions related to integration with Google's cloud storage service or interacting with Google Drive files programmatically, via the Google Drive API, Google Drive SDK, or Google Apps Script. Usage questions about the web application should be posted at Web Applications Stack Exchange."
"cuda","13491","CUDA (Compute Unified Device Architecture) is a parallel computing platform and programming model for NVIDIA GPUs (Graphics Processing Units). CUDA provides an interface to NVIDIA GPUs through a variety of programming languages, libraries, and APIs. "
"iterator","13476","An iterator is an object-oriented programming pattern that allows traversal through a collection, agnostic of the actual implementation or object addresses in physical memory. It is one of the Gang of Four's behavioral design patterns."
"navigation","13459","Navigation refers to the process of navigating a network of resources, and the user interface that is used to do so."
"electron","13379","Electron (formerly Atom Shell) is a framework created by GitHub that lets you write cross-platform desktop applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Electron is based upon Node.js and Chromium."
"anaconda","13353","Anaconda is a Python distribution that bundles optimized versions of common data science packages. On topic for this tag are installing/uninstalling Anaconda and using Anaconda Navigator. Do not use this tag for questions about Conda environment management (instead use [conda]). Do not use this tag if your question is about using a particular package in the Anaconda distribution."
"xml-parsing","13322","An XML parser goes through text documents containing XML trees and allows the information in the hierarchy to be used. Use this tag for problems implementing an XML parser or generated by the use of an existing parser in a given language."
"time-series","13278","A Time series is a sequence of data points with values measured at successive times (either in continuous time or at discrete time periods). Time series analysis exploits this natural temporal ordering to extract meaning and trends from the underlying data.  "
"android-ndk","13241","The Android Native Development Kit (NDK) is a companion tool to the Android SDK that lets build performance-critical portions of apps in native code or port existing libraries in C/C++ to Android. It provides headers and libraries that allows to build activities, handle user input, use hardware sensors, access application resources, and more, when programming in C/C++."
"console","13181","A mechanism for interacting with a computer operating system or software by typing commands to perform specific tasks"
"localization","13145","Localization is the process of adapting a product or service to a particular language, culture, and desired local ""look-and-feel""."
"calendar","13127","A calendar is a system of reckoning time in which the beginning, length and divisions of a year are defined. The term may refer to a software class or library for the manipulation and display of calendar data, or to a list of events with associated dates and times, managed by a human via an application or operating system user interface."
"sprite-kit","13118","SpriteKit is Apple's framework for creating 2D games for iOS 7+, macOS 10.9+, tvOS 9+ and watchOS 3+. It is a 2D rendering engine combined with a physics engine. It is compatible with both Objective-C and Swift."
"linker","13110","The linker is part of the toolchain for producing executables from source code written in compiled programming languages.  It takes compiled object code in multiple files and produces a single, ""linked"", executable file from them."
"jquery-plugins","13095","Custom add-ons and plugins for the jQuery library. jQuery functions and features not included in the standard jQuery library."
"header","12943","This tag is deprecated because it lacks discriminating power. Please use a more specific tag instead, e.g.: html-heading, email-header etc."
"rabbitmq","12928","RabbitMQ is an open-source message broker originally implementing the AMQP protocol with additional messaging protocols supported via a plug-in architecture. This tag should be used with questions involving the RabbitMQ server message broker product or questions concerning the source code and implementation of the RabbitMQ product. A specific protocol tag such as amqp or mqtt may also be appropriate as well as the OS and programming language being used."
"jasmine","12853","Jasmine is a behavior-driven development (BDD) framework for testing JavaScript code. Jasmine has no external dependencies and does not require a DOM."
"drag-and-drop","12752","It allows you to ""grab"" an object using the mouse and drag it to a different location. Drag and Drop can be done on browser-based application (web) or on native GUI applications like android or desktop "
"json.net","12741","Json.NET (also known as Newtonsoft.Json) is a popular high-performance JSON framework for .NET."
"macros","12739","***DO NOT USE for VBA / MS-Office languages. Use [vba] instead.*** A macro is a rule or pattern that specifies how a certain input sequence (often a sequence of characters) should be mapped to an output sequence (also often a sequence of characters) according to a defined procedure."
"multiprocessing","12706","Multiprocessing is the use of two or more central processing units (CPUs) within a single computer system. Relevant implementation and usage details vary per operating system and programming language. So always add tags for both the OS and language when using this tag."
"operating-system","12705","An operating System (OS) is a basic software whose role is to be an abstract layer between software requisitions for resources and the hardware available, manage input/output, memory allocation/deallocation, file systems, among other basic tasks a device (not necessarily a computer) should do."
"prolog","12698"," Prolog is the most commonly used logic programming language. It supports non-deterministic programming through chronological backtracking and pattern matching through unification. Do not use this tag like Prologue and Epilogue."
"formatting","12687","The process of transforming text or data for presentation. A typical example would be the transformation of a decimal into a particular currency format with the correct number of decimal places."
"crash","12671","A crash is the result of an unrecoverable error that causes the program to stop completely."
"visual-studio-2017","12633","Visual Studio 2017 (aka Visual Studio ""15"", includes C++ compiler version 19.1) is a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio. Do not use this tag unless you have a specific question about this specific version."
"pyqt5","12607","Qt 5 bindings for Python programming. This allows programmer to make Qt 5 graphical user interfaces using Python syntax."
"mfc","12594","This tag should be used for questions concerning Microsoft Foundation Class Library (MFC), a C++ framework for Windows desktop GUI application programming. You should specify a tag for the version of C++ or Visual Studio being used. Due to the size of MFC, additional tags such as [com], [wininet], [winapi] or other subject matter tags are helpful."
"gulp","12554","Gulp is a JavaScript build system, Node.js-based task runner like Grunt. Gulp uses streams and code-over-configuration for a simpler and more intuitive build process."
"leaflet","12548","Leaflet is an open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly, cross-browser, interactive maps. For the R leaflet package, please use the r-leaflet tag."
"continuous-integration","12526","Continuous integration (CI) is the building and automated testing of the full software product on a frequent schedule: at least once a day, often several times a day and sometimes as often as after every check in to the version control system."
"segmentation-fault","12515","Segmentation faults occur when accessing memory which does not belong to your process. Use this tag along with a tag indicating the language and a tag indicating the operating system. Segmentation faults are typically the result of a dereference operation with pointer variables (most often containing an invalid address) or a buffer overflow. The root cause for an invalid pointer value may be far from the location generating the segmentation fault."
"char","12481","char typically refers to a character data-type, representing letters of text."
"type-conversion","12472","Type conversion is the way of implicitly or explicitly changing an entity of one data type into another. This is done to take advantage of certain features of type hierarchies or type representations."
"timestamp","12472","A timestamp is the time at which an event is recorded by a computer system. The timestamp term may also refer to Unix Time or to the timestamp data type."
"libgdx","12472","'libGDX' is an open-source cross-platform Java game development framework based on OpenGL (ES) that works on Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, Android, iOS and WebGL enabled browsers."
"asp.net-core-mvc","12461","ASP.NET Core MVC is a lightweight presentation framework for creating dynamic websites with ASP.NET Core. It allows for creating controller based MVC sites, or view model based Razor pages. MVC includes features like routing, model binding and validation, filters, web APIs and the Razor view engine."
"annotations","12425","In programming, annotations are used to add information to a code element which cannot be expressed by the type system."
"uiscrollview","12405","Use this tag for all questions about scroll views on iOS. Do NOT use this tag for other platforms.  "
"nosql","12357","NoSQL (sometimes expanded to ""not only SQL"") is a broad class of database management systems that differ from the classic model of the relational database management system (RDBMS) in some significant ways."
"textbox","12352","A textbox is a graphical user interface element which allows for simple input text, usually only a single line of text."
"package","12350","Package broadly refers to two things: 1) a usable unit/component of built/compiled software, or 2) a partition of the global namespace (Java)."
"android-gradle-plugin","12296","The Android Gradle Plugin is Android's standard build system. It is used as backing-build-system by Android Studio."
"crystal-reports","12267","Crystal Reports is a report writer that operates as a stand-alone report designer, an integrated part of Visual Studio, or part of SAP's Business Objects Enterprise suite.  "
"data.table","12251","The R data.table package is an extension of data.frame built for fast in-memory data analysis. Use the dt tag for the DataTables package with Shiny (DT). "
"discord.py","12243","Python 3.5.3+ library for interfacing with the official Discord API. This tag should only be used when referring to the discord.py library. If using the [nextcord] or [pycord] fork, please use these tags instead if the question refers to them specifically, otherwise please use both the fork's tag and [discord.py]."
"attributes","12228","The attributes tag should be used for any issues relating to a property of an object, element, or file, etc."
"yaml","12220","Use this tag for questions about the YAML data serialization format only, not for questions about programs (or examples) that happen to have their configuration in a YAML format. Questions about the CSS framework also called YAML should be tagged [yaml-css] instead."
"centos","12158","CentOS (Community Enterprise Operating System) is based on the Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system. QUESTIONS MUST BE ABOUT RUNNING PROGRAMS UNDER CENTOS. Questions about server administration may be asked on https://serverfault.com"
"ionic2","12144","Ionic 2 is the next generation of Ionic, the open source SDK that enables developers to build performant, high-quality mobile apps using familiar web technologies (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript).  Ionic 2 is usually paired with Angular (2). Ionic 2 can also be used as a CSS framework but you'll miss out on the powerful gestures, UI animations and more useful things."
"keyboard","12067","A text input device. Use this tag to ask programming questions related to typing, keyboard hiding and more."
"mockito","12067","Mockito is a mocking framework for Java. It is inspired by EasyMock but aims to simplify mock stubbing, verification and tooling even further."
"fortran","12060","Fortran is a general-purpose, procedural, imperative programming language that is especially suited for numeric computation and scientific computing. Since 2003, standard Fortran also supports object-oriented programming.  Fortran 2008 introduced coarrays for SPMD parallel programming. This tag should be applied to all questions about the Fortran language; other specific tags can be added for compilers, language revisions and particular aspects of use."
"dockerfile","12052","A Dockerfile is a file containing instructions to build a Docker image"
"integer","12050","Common datatype in many programming languages for representing both negative and non-negative whole numbers. Use this tag for questions about using, storing, or manipulating integers. For 64-bit integers, use the [long-integer] tag instead."
"xampp","12049","XAMPP is a cross-platform Apache distribution bundled with MySQL, PHP and Perl."
"mapreduce","12022","MapReduce is an algorithm for processing huge datasets on certain kinds of distributable problems using a large number of nodes"
"automated-tests","11996","Test automation is the use of software to control the execution of tests, the comparison of actual outcomes to predicted outcomes, the setting up of test preconditions, and other test control and test reporting functions. Commonly, test automation involves automating a manual process already in place that uses a formalized testing process (wikipedia.org)."
"geometry","11969","Data structures and algorithms related to geometry.  "
"com","11964","Component Object Model (COM) is a component technology from Microsoft, featuring remoting, language independence and interface-based programming. For questions about the COM serial port, you should use the [serial-port] tag instead."
"kivy","11962","Kivy is an open source Python library for rapid development of cross-platform applications equipped with novel user interfaces, such as multi-touch apps."
"android-edittext","11915","The EditText is the standard text entry widget in Android apps. If the user needs to enter text into an app, this is the primary way for them to do that. "
"db2","11900","DB2 is a family of database servers developed by IBM. Supported platforms for DB2 servers are z/OS (formerly OS/390), Linux, UNIX, and Windows (referred to collectively as DB2 for LUW), and IBM i (formerly OS/400 or i5/OS). Originally designed as a relational engine, IBM has expanded DB2's capabilities on some platforms to include native XML support and an RDF-compliant graph store. When posting DB2 questions, please specify the platform and version."
"amazon-dynamodb","11879","Amazon DynamoDB is a proprietary closed-source cloudnative key-value and document database optimized for horizontal scaling. It's a fully managed, multiregion, multimaster database with built-in security, backup and restore, and in-memory caching for internet-scale applications. DynamoDB is hosted on AWS, but also has a local deployment option just for development and functional testing. Used on amazon.com."
"format","11877","It may refer to text formatting, content format, file format, document file format, etc."
"namespaces","11875","A namespace is a container that provides context for identifiers, within which names are unique."
"selenium-chromedriver","11874","Developed in collaboration with the Chromium team, ChromeDriver is a standalone server which implements WebDriver's wire protocol."
"geolocation","11865","Geolocation is the identification of the real-world geographic location of an object, such as a cell phone or an Internet-connected computer terminal. Use [w3c-geolocation] for questions about the W3C Geolocation API."
"event-handling","11845","Event handling is a coding style about handling messages between a source and one or more subscribers. A point listener in the source provide a way which subscribed code can consume messages raised from the source."
"terraform","11836","A tool from Hashicorp used for defining infrastructure as code. On-topic questions are concerned with the use of the tool itself or how to use the 'code' (HCL) to define specific structures. This tag is often used with public-cloud tags, such as ""amazon-web-services"", ""google-cloud-platform"" or ""azure"" to further define the question being asked."
"ios5","11834","iOS 5 is Apple's fifth mobile operating system, released on Oct 13, 2011. It runs on iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPod Touch 3rd and 4th generation, as well as all iPad models. It was succeeded by iOS 6."
"mariadb","11809","MariaDB is an open source database server that offers drop-in replacement functionality for MySQL. "
"dialog","11805","A temporary window  presented to a user (usually as a small box). It interrupts program flow, overlaying the UI, for the purpose of alerting the user or requiring user input or  confirmation  about a program decision.  Sometimes dialogs are used to present forms for user input."
"lucene","11783","The term Lucene refers to the open source Java fulltext search engine library, but also to the entire eco-system that grew around it, including lucene.net, solr, elasticsearch and zend-search-lucene."
"windows-10","11778","The successor to Microsoft Windows 8.1 which combines features from Windows 7 and 8.1, including touch-interface and restored Start Menu.  This tag exclusively is for programming questions related to Windows 10; general software issues not directly related to programming should be directed to Super User."
"cors","11756","Use this tag when you see a message in the browser devtools console about CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) — e.g., your browser logged an error about Access-Control-Allow-Origin, and you want to know how to eliminate the error. Also for other questions on the CORS protocol (defined in the Fetch Standard as a way to use response headers to tell browsers to relax the same-origin policy and allow cross-origin XHR/Fetch/Ajax requests)."
"environment-variables","11723","Environment variables are a set of dynamic named values that can affect the way running processes will behave on a computer."
"android-emulator","11720","An Android emulator is software which simulates the functionality of an Android device running the Android OS. Emulator allows developers to develop and test applications without the need of various real devices with different configurations."
"dependencies","11650","A dependency exists between two elements if changes to the definition of one element may cause changes to the other."
"webdriver","11597","WebDriver is an API for controlling web browsers, imitating a real user. It's mostly used for automated tests. WebDriver has multiple language bindings and drivers (allowing to control various browsers). If your question is specific to one of them, make sure to also include the appropriate tag."
"xmlhttprequest","11593","XMLHttpRequest (XHR) is a JavaScript object that exposes an API for making asynchronous HTTP requests from frontend code running a Web browser —  that is, for enabling the programming technique known as AJAX. The XHR API is a legacy API. It has been superseded by the Fetch API."
"garbage-collection","11592","Garbage collection (GC) is a form of automatic memory management which attempts to reclaim garbage, or memory occupied by objects that are no longer in use by the program."
"listbox","11536","A graphical user interface element that allows the user to select one or more items from a list."
"jvm","11497","The Java Virtual Machine (JVM) enables a set of computer software programs and data structures to use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts. Use this tag for questions dealing with tools provided by a JVM or how it works in a specific scenario."
"rotation","11483","A rotation is a circular movement of an object around a center (or point) of rotation.   On a mobile device, it indicates the change of orientation."
"azure-functions","11478","Azure Functions is an event-driven serverless compute platform in Azure and Azure Stack. Its open-source runtime also works on multiple destinations including Kubernetes, Azure IoT Edge, on-premises, and other clouds."
"eclipse-plugin","11455","Eclipse is an OSGi extensible platform for tool integration. The extensions to Eclipse are Java plug-ins. Use this tag to ask about developing Eclipse plug-ins. Note that asking for plug-in recommendations is off-topic."
"doctrine","11417","The Doctrine Project is a collection of open source libraries and tools for dealing with database abstraction and Object-Relational Mapping written in PHP."
"timezone","11414","A time zone is a region on Earth that has a uniform, legally mandated standard time. It is often represented by an identifier, such as ""America/Los_Angeles"". Do not mistake an offset such as -07:00 as a time zone. A time zone is much more than that. Please read the entire tag wiki for details."
"asp-classic","11413","Active Server Pages (ASP), also known as Classic ASP or ASP Classic, was Microsoft's first server-side script-engine for dynamically-generated web pages. The introduction of ASP.NET led to use of the term Classic ASP for the original technology. "
"numbers","11392","A number is a mathematical object used to count, measure and label. Questions about using numbers in variables processing, numbers processing, conversion, display, logical numerical changes, data type existence, etc.  For questions regarding phone numbers, please use tag [phone-number]."
"frameworks","11382","A framework is an existing library or set of libraries that provides overarching application structure so that the developer can focus primarily on their application's implementation details instead. In most cases the tag for a specific framework should be used instead of this tag."
"protractor","11373","Protractor is an end-to-end test framework for Angular and AngularJS applications built on top of WebDriverJs.  Protractor can be run as a standalone binary runner or included in your tests as a library. Use Protractor as a library if you would like to manage WebDriver and your test setup yourself.  Find more on http://www.protractortest.org/#/ and https://github.com/angular/protractor/"
"html5-canvas","11365","Canvas is an HTML element that allows for dynamic, scriptable rendering of 2D shapes, 3D shapes, bitmap images and animations in both 2D and 3D."
"compiler-construction","11357","The tag compiler-construction should be applied to questions concerning the programming of compilers or for questions about the detailed inner workings of compilers. DO NOT USE for questions about *using* specific compilers or compilation errors."
"struts2","11346","Apache Struts 2 is an extensible framework based on servlets and implements model–view–controller (MVC) pattern in its architecture for creating enterprise-ready Java web applications. "
"modal-dialog","11337","Refers to a graphical dialog used to display important information to the user. These dialogs appear above all other content, blocking application flow until user input is received."
"sql-server-2008-r2","11328","Use this tag for questions specific to the 2008 R2 version of Microsoft's SQL Server."
"arm","11296","This tag is used for questions related to the ARM (Advanced RISC Machine) family of computers; that is machines or electronics running on ARM processor cores or systems using an ARM core. For Azure-related questions, use [azure-resource-manager]."
"uinavigationcontroller","11283","The UINavigationController class implements a specialized iOS view controller that manages the navigation of hierarchical content."
"set","11267","A set is a collection in which no element is repeated, which may be able to enumerate its elements according to an ordering criterion (an ""ordered set"") or retain no order (an ""unordered set"")."
"smtp","11250","Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) is an Internet standard for electronic mail (e-mail) transmission across Internet Protocol (IP) networks."
"http-headers","11224","In the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP), HTTP header fields contain the operating parameters of an HTTP request or response. With the request or response line (first line of message), they form the message header."
"sql-update","11204","An SQL UPDATE statement is used to change existing rows in a table."
"ldap","11178","Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), is an application protocol for accessing and maintaining distributed directory information services over an IP network."
"firebase-cloud-messaging","11166","Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) is the new version of GCM. It inherits the reliable and scalable GCM infrastructure, plus new features. It is a cross-platform solution that let user reliably deliver and receive messages and notifications at no cost. It supports Android, iOS, Desktop Web Browsers, the Mobile web with JavaScript or WebPush and Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices."
"sonarqube","11160","SonarQube is the open source platform, to continuously inspect code quality of applications.   It allows developers to detect bugs and vulnerabilities as well as to decrease code smells or bad practices, in more than 20 different languages."
"wso2","11131","WSO2, Open Source Java based Middleware Service provider. All WSO2 products are 100% open source and released under the Apache License Version 2.0.  "
"grid","11127","NOT FOR CSS GRID LAYOUT. Instead use [css-grid]. This tag is ambiguous, please don't use it. For row-column layouts, use [grid-layout].  For the HPC setup, use [grid-computing]. For the R plotting package, use [r-grid]. For multi-dimensional data, use [matrix] or [array] or [raster]. For WPF-Grid control, use [wpfgrid]"
"uibutton","11112","UIButton is a subclass of UIView for displaying buttons in iOS. It implements the target action paradigm to send events to the controller layer."
"internationalization","11067","Internationalization(i18n : representing ""internationalisation"" as ""i"" followed by 18 more  letters, followed by ""n"") is the process of planning and implementing products and services so that they can easily be adapted to specific local languages and cultures, a process called localization. The internationalization process is sometimes called translation or localization enablement."
"delegates","11063","Delegates can refer to several concepts.  An object can rely on another (a delegate) to perform a function.  Delegation can also refer to programming language feature making use of the method lookup rules for dispatching self-calls.  In C#, a delegate defines which method to call when an event is triggered."
"subprocess","11062","The Python subprocess module allows you to spawn new processes, connect to their input/output/error pipes, and obtain their return codes. Use it to run a shell command or an executable in Python."
"jenkins-pipeline","11061","Questions about the Jenkins “Pipeline” plugin suite (formerly “Workflow”). Not about pipelines in Jenkins in general (e.g. using downstream jobs)."
"windows-7","11040","Use for questions about programming with or for Windows 7, a past release of Microsoft Windows. General software or troubleshooting questions not directly related to programming are off topic and should be posted on Super User"
"spring-data","11025","Spring Data is an umbrella open source project which contains many subprojects that are specific to a given database. The projects are developed by working together with many of the companies and community that are behind these exciting technologies."
"serial-port","11022","A serial port is a physical interface through which data is transferred (uni- or bidirectionally) one bit at a time. The term usually refers to the RS-232 port with a 9-pin d-sub connector that was once the standard serial interface on a PC. "
"frontend","11007","The user-facing part of an application. In a desktop application this would include the windowing framework and the forms the user interacts with; in a command line program it would be the available commands and arguments; and in a web app it would refer to the HTML and JavaScript. "
"rubygems","10980","RubyGems is a package management tool for the Ruby programming language. It allows users to download and update Ruby libraries, and provides automatic dependency resolution."
"apache-camel","10964","Apache Camel is an open source integration framework that focuses on quick and easy integration of  systems consuming or producing data."
"initialization","10950","Initialization deals with the task of initializing the contents of your data structure. It's a common practice in statically-typed languages."
"tags","10945","A tag is a marker or semantic descriptor.  Despite generic origin, this ""tag"" has become synonymous with HTML - if your question is already within this context, its use is likely unnecessary.  In a different context, however, the term ""tags"" can also be officially used. One case would be in a SCADA program Ignition, where the tag is one of the basic units placed in a hierarchical system, each having its own tag-path and tag-relative paths towards others."
"widget","10943","A widget is an element of a user interface (GUI widget) or a self-contained (usually small) software application (desktop widget).  In computing , an application, or a component of an interface, that enables a user to perform a function or access a service."
"autolayout","10936","Auto Layout is a constraint-based, descriptive user interface layout system for OS X and iOS."
"switch-statement","10926","In computer programming, a switch, case, select or inspect statement is a type of selection control mechanism used to invoke specific blocks of code based on variable contents."
"jaxb","10897","Java Architecture for XML Binding is the Java standard for working with XML as domain objects. It provides an easy mechanism for mapping Java classes to XML representations."
"youtube-api","10887","The YouTube APIs and Tools enable the integration of YouTube's video content and functionality into a website, application, or device."
"boolean","10881","A Boolean data type is a data type with only two possible values: true or false."
"return","10876","A return statement causes execution to leave the current subroutine and resume at the point in the code immediately after where the subroutine was called, known as its return address. The return address is saved, usually on the process's call stack, as part of the operation of making the subroutine call. Some programming languages allow a function to specify one or more return values to be passed back to the code that called the function."
"sequelize.js","10875","The Sequelize library provides an ORM (Object-Relational-Mapper) for Node.js, written entirely in JavaScript. Provides easy mapping for MySQL, MariaDB, SQLite, PostgreSQL and SQL Server."
"network-programming","10855","Programming associated with creating and managing networks as well as adding network connectivity to a (set of) programs."
"jqgrid","10841","jqGrid is an Ajax-enabled jQuery plugin that provides a solution for representing tabular data on the web."
"tuples","10798","In programming, tuples are simple *product types*, representing ordered collections of types."
"qml","10788","QML (Qt Modeling Language) is a declarative language that allows user interfaces to be described in terms of their visual components and how they interact and relate with one another. It is a highly readable language, JSON-like syntax with support for imperative JavaScript expressions combined with dynamic property bindings. It can be used to build fluid animated user interfaces that can be connected to any backend C++ libraries."
"android-viewpager","10750","ViewPager.setcurrentItem( ) freezes ui"
"nuget","10743","NuGet is a free, open source developer focused package management system for the .NET platform."
"ios4","10734","The 2010-2011 version of the iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch/Apple TV operating system family, made by Apple."
"aggregation-framework","10733","The MongoDB Aggregation Framework provides a means to reshape and aggregate data in MongoDB 2.2+."
"uiwebview","10722","A class used to display web content from within an iOS application. Note that UIWebView is deprecated since iOS 8, it is recommended by Apple to use WKWebView instead."
"fetch","10720","For questions about the JavaScript Fetch API, use the [fetch-api] tag instead. For the git subcommand, use [git-fetch]. The [fetch] tag is a general-purpose tag for the keyword used in many programming languages, which is usually part of an instruction to retrieve data."
"google-play","10704","Google Play is an integrated destination for apps, books, movies, games, and music, accessible to users on Android devices and to anyone on the Web. (Note: Support questions regarding the Google Play and/or Google Play Console should be asked in the relevant support forums or by contacting support)."
"entity-framework-6","10664","Do NOT use this tag for Entity Framework Core 6 questions. This tag is for questions about Entity Framework 6, an ORM first released in 2013 and most recently updated to EF6.4 in 2019. It is not the same product as EF Core 6, first released in 2021"
"foreign-keys","10653","Foreign keys are a data integrity feature of relational (and SQL) databases. A foreign key is a set of attributes in a relational table that is subject to a referential integrity constraint. The referential integrity constraint mandates that the values of the foreign key attributes in one table, A, must match with corresponding values in some specified table B (which may sometimes be the same table as A).  "
"conditional-statements","10630","In computer science, conditional statements, conditional expressions and conditional constructs are features of a programming language which perform different computations or actions depending on whether a programmer-specified boolean condition evaluates to true or false. Apart from the case of branch prediction, this is always achieved by selectively altering the control flow based on some condition."
"find","10615","This tag has multiple meanings.  Please DO NOT use this tag if you're just trying to find something."
"uiimageview","10587","An image view object provides a view-based container for displaying either a single image or for animating a series of images in iOS. For animating the images, the UIImageView class provides controls to set the duration and frequency of the animation. You can also start and stop the animation freely."
"copy","10580","To copy is to create a duplicate of an object without destroying the original. Commonly seen in text editors that will let you copy some text and paste it somewhere else."
"gdb","10553","Use this tag for problems related to or involving GDB, the standard debugger for the GNU software system."
"vb6","10546","Visual Basic 6.0 (VB6) was the final COM-based version of the VB programming language and IDE, last updated in 2004. It is the predecessor to the modern VB.NET."
"plotly","10529","Plotly.js is an open source, high-level, declarative charting library, built on top of d3.js and stack.gl. It ships with over 40 chart types, including 3D charts, statistical graphs, and SVG maps. Use [r-plotly] for the R package and [plotly-python] for the Python package."
"ide","10515","IDEs (Integrated Development Environment) are computer programs that facilitate efficient software development by providing features beyond those of a simple text editor. "
"popup","10502","In general, popup refers to any UI element that floats above a window or application surface. This may include tooltips, context menus, and modal dialog windows."
"base64","10470","Base64 is a set of encoding schemes that represent binary data in an ASCII string format."
"components","10463","A component in the Unified Modeling Language ""represents a modular part of a system, that encapsulates its content and whose manifestation is replaceable within its environment. A component defines its behavior in terms of provided and required interfaces"". The best example of component can be found in ActionScript- Flash,Flex sdks. There you have UI components like buttons, labels, DataGrids, charts those are reusable, distributable etc. "
"queue","10425","A queue is an ordered, first-in-first-out data structure. Typical implementations of queues support pushing elements to the back and popping them off the front position."
"microsoft-graph-api","10421","Microsoft Graph is the gateway to data and intelligence in Microsoft 365. It provides a unified programmability model that you can use to access the tremendous amount of data in Microsoft 365, Windows 10, and Enterprise Mobility + Security. "
"flutter-layout","10419","Layouts in Flutter - Google’s UI toolkit for building natively compiled applications for mobile, web, and desktop from a single codebase, refer to the classes called widgets used to build UIs, both for layout and UI elements.  Layouts may be in the form of single-child or multi-child layout widgets.  Use this tag for all types of layout widgets used in Flutter.  "
"ionic3","10390","Ionic 3 is the newer version of Ionic, an open source SDK that enables developers to build mobile apps using standard web technologies (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript).  Ionic 3 is paired with Angular4 and above."
"dataset","10384","A dataset is a collection of data, generally represented in tabular form, with columns signifying different variables and rows signify different members of the set. If you are looking for a freely available dataset for any purpose, please consider asking your question on https://opendata.stackexchange.com."
"postman","10322","Postman is a toolchain for API developers to share, test, document and monitor APIs."
"windows-8","10321","The successor to Microsoft Windows 7 that focuses on a new interface style for touch-based devices and tablets."
"java-stream","10289","Use this tag for questions related to the use of the Stream API. It was introduced in Java 8 and supports functional-style operations on streams of values, such as filter-map-reduce pipelines on collections."
"angular-ui-router","10288","UI-Router evolves the concept of an AngularJS Route into a more general concept of a State for managing complex application UI states. Most notably, it allows nested state/view hierarchies and multiple named views."
"chart.js","10288","Chart.js is a JavaScript library for creating animated, interactive graphs for inclusion on web pages"
"arguments","10286","An argument is a value passed to a function, procedure, or command line program. This also refers to the Array-like `arguments` object in JavaScript."
"composer-php","10277","Composer is an application-level package manager for the PHP programming language. It provides a standard format for managing with ease PHP-based project dependencies (libraries) and was strongly inspired by Node.js's ""npm"" and Ruby's ""bundler"". Use with the [php] tag"
"jersey","10276","Jersey is the open source, production quality, JAX-RS (JSR 311, JSR 339) Reference Implementation for building RESTful Web services."
"cocos2d-iphone","10254","Objective-C version for iOS & OS X of Cocos2d. Cocos2d is a framework for building 2D games and graphical applications."
"append","10248","To append is to join or add on to the end of something."
"radio-button","10247","Radio buttons are elements used in forms. They let a user select exactly one of a limited number of choices."
"twig","10233","Twig is a modern, fast, flexible, and secure templating engine for PHP. Created for Symfony and adopted by Drupal 8."
"stack","10233","A stack is a last in, first out (LIFO) abstract data type and data structure. For questions about the assembly call stack, use [stack-memory], [stack-pointer], and/or [stack-frame] instead. For questions about the Haskell build tool, use [haskell-stack] instead. For questions about C++ std::stack, use [stdstack] instead."
"passwords","10227","Passwords are primarily used as a way of accessing information and also limiting the number of users who can get access to a machine. It is primarily used with a username for the authorization system. Sometimes people use keys instead of passwords due to the increased strength of the keys."
"expo","10224","Expo is an open-source and free platform that lets web developers build truly native apps that work across both iOS and Android by writing them once in just JavaScript. Use the Expo tag on questions about developing Expo projects and using the Expo dev tools like XDE and exp."
"swagger","10220","Swagger is a framework implementation for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful web services, based on the OpenAPI specification "
"pivot","10154","The PIVOT syntax converts row data into columnar data, and vice versa for the UNPIVOT syntax.  Not all databases support the PIVOT syntax but the functionality can be implemented, often using decision logic (CASE statements, etc) and aggregate functions."
"udp","10145","User Datagram Protocol is one of the messaging protocols of the IP protocol stack.  With UDP, computer applications can send messages to other hosts on an Internet Protocol (IP) network without requiring prior communications to set up special transmission channels or data paths. "
"uikit","10136","UIKit (not to be confused with the front-end framework GetUIKit) is the object-oriented framework that is responsible for most of the iOS user interface."
"synchronization","10127","Synchronization refers to using controls to maintain a coherent representation, either a group of processes running the same program (process synchronization), or representations of data (data synchronization)."
"gps","10124","Abbreviation for Global Positioning System; a navigational system using satellite signals to fix the location of a radio receiver on or above the earth's surface. Also ""GPS"" refers to the radio receiver used to receive GPS signals."
"hover","10119","Hover refers to the action of placing the mouse cursor over a given element. Hover can also refer to an event in which a user on a touch-enabled device touches a given element."
"user-controls","10111","A UserControl is a separate, reusable input control that allows a user to interact with an application. User controls can be buttons, checkboxes, input text boxes, mice, keyboards, etc."
"migration","10104","An action of moving between major versions of any framework, product or language, or, just as commonly, alteration to the data schema of an application. This might involve modifying existing data to make it work with the new version."
"command","10092","A command is a directive to a computer program acting as an interpreter of some kind, in order to perform a specific task. Most commonly a command is a directive to some kind of command line interface, such as a shell. Use [command-pattern] for the design pattern."
"cucumber","10091","Cucumber is a Behavior Driven Development (BDD) tool that executes functional descriptions written in plain text (structured in the simple Gherkin language) as automated tests."
"azure-web-app-service","10045","Use this tag for questions relating to web applications residing on Azure. Azure App Service is a cloud-based platform for hosting web applications, REST APIs, and mobile back ends. It was formerly known as Azure Web Sites. You can deploy applications written in a variety of languages: .NET, .NET Core, Java, Ruby on Rails, Node.js, PHP and Python, using either a Windows or Linux container."
"julia","10027","The Julia programming language is fast, expressive and dynamic.  By aggressively targeting technical computing it has become a robust general purpose language. It addresses the two-language problem by combining the ease of use of high-level languages such as R and Python with the performance of C and Fortran."
"gmail","9970","Gmail is a free email service offered by Google. ONLY use this tag for PROGRAMMING questions related to Gmail's APIs. General Gmail usage questions belong at https://webapps.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/gmail"
"subquery","9946","""subquery"" is vague SQL terminology, used to describe when there's either more than one `SELECT` statement in a query, or when used in Data Manipulation Language (DML) statements (IE: DELETE, UPDATE, INSERT, MERGE).  The subquery's SELECT statement is always found within brackets/parenthesis."
"mono","9908","Mono is an open source implementation of .NET that runs on many platforms, including Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows.  This allows running .NET applications on platforms other than Windows with little to no modification."
"wix","9895","The WiX Toolset (formerly known as Windows Installer XML) is a toolset that builds Windows installation packages and WiX bootstrappers from XML source code. The toolset supports a command line environment that developers may integrate into their build processes to build MSI and MSM setup packages and EXE bootstrappers. For the cloud-based web development platform, use the [wixcode] tag."
"g++","9885","g++ is the C++ frontend to the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC). It's the de facto standard compiler for C, C++, Go, Fortran, and Ada on Linux and supports many other languages and platforms as well. Apart from the compiler, GCC has a toolchain (libc, libstdc++, objdump, nm etc.) that is widely used on several platforms and systems."
"ado.net","9843","ADO.Net is commonly used by programmers to access and modify data stored in relational database systems, though it can also access data in non-relational sources. It is a part of the base class library that is included with the Microsoft .NET Framework. "
"iteration","9842","Iterations are the successive repetitions in loops such as for, foreach or while. Questions with this tag are often concerned about how to best handle a collection of data."
"latex","9829","LaTeX is a macro package implemented on Donald Knuth's TeX programming language and is used primarily for creating high quality written documents.  The ""TeX - LaTeX"" community in StackExchange (https://tex.stackexchange.com) is specifically dedicated to questions about LaTeX, TeX and other related technologies."
"constants","9815","Constants in programming are definitions whose value is fixed throughout a program's execution. Literals in most languages are constants, for example. In referentially transparent programming styles, all definitions are constant. A const-qualified data storage area (object, field, variable, parameter) is one that ""never changes"", thus allowing extra code generator optimizations and additional static checking of program correctness."
"drupal-7","9813","Drupal 7 is the Drupal version that was officially released on January 5, 2011. Rather than using this tag, consider posting your question directly on https://drupal.stackexchange.com/."
"imageview","9774","Android widget that displays an arbitrary image or drawable, such as an icon."
"int","9756","A data type that represents an integer. An integer is a whole number that can be negative, positive, or zero. (i.e. ...-2, -1, 0, 1, 2...) Use this tag for questions about using, storing, or manipulating integers. "
"coffeescript","9745","CoffeeScript is a language that compiles into JavaScript. Underneath all of those embarrassing braces and semicolons, JavaScript has always had a gorgeous object model at its heart. CoffeeScript is an attempt to expose the good parts of JavaScript in a simple way."
"jframe","9704","A JFrame is a component and top-level container of the JFC/Swing framework."
"connection","9700","Refers to a connection used to transfer data between two endpoints, such as between a client and a web, database, web service or other server."
"polymorphism","9681","In computer science, polymorphism is a programming language feature that allows values of different data types to be handled in a uniform manner."
"containers","9644","A container is a class, a data structure, or an abstract data type whose instances are collections of other objects.  Containers typically make use of generics or templates so that a wide variety of objects can be added."
"range","9624","A range is an extent of values between its lower and upper bound. It can refer to a DOM Range, the Ruby Range class, the Python range function, Perl 5's `..` operator, Perl 6's Range Class, or PostgreSQL's range types."
"slider","9616","A graphical widget in a GUI with which a user may set a value by moving an indicator."
"save","9606","To store (data) in a computer or on a storage device."
"ssl-certificate","9602","An SSL certificate is an X.509 certificate that is used to provide authentication, privacy and integrity for a secure connection. Although the acronym refers to Secure Sockets Layer, the SSL protocol is deprecated and the certificates are more commonly used for Transport Layer Security (TLS) connections."
"debian","9569","Note: Questions MUST be programming related. Use this tag only if your question relates to development on Debian using operating system API's or Debian-specific features, or to creating packages in the deb format."
"sbt","9557","sbt is an open source build tool for Scala and Java projects, similar to Java's Maven or Ant."
"embedded","9550","Embedded refers to embedded systems, which involves areas such as microcontroller/DSP firmware programming, real-time systems, electronic interfaces, hardware drivers, serial bus communication etc. "
"compare","9528","The analysis required to assess the differences and similarities between two or more entities."
"django-admin","9510","Django's built-in, automatic admin interface (django.contrib.admin) which is part of the Django Web framework for the Python programming language."
"google-cloud-storage","9510","Google Cloud Storage is a RESTful service for storing and accessing your data on Google's infrastructure. The service combines the performance and scalability of Google's cloud with advanced security and sharing capabilities. ONLY PROGRAMMING RELATED QUESTIONS ARE ON-TOPIC. Questions which are not specifically programming related are OFF-TOPIC for Stack Overflow."
"phpunit","9502","PHPUnit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP. It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks."
"dom-events","9493","DOM (Document Object Model) events allow event-driven programming languages to register various event handlers/listeners on the element nodes inside a DOM tree."
"iis-7","9491","IIS (Internet Information Services) Version 7 – is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows. Released with Window Server 2008 and Windows Vista."
"vue-component","9489","Component is a powerful Vue feature that allows extending basic HTML elements to encapsulate reusable code."
"certificate","9471","A certificate is an electronic document used in cryptography."
"admob","9471","AdMob is a mobile advertising company owned by Google. This tag should be used for questions relating to the use of the AdMob SDK and incorporation of AdMob services into your code. Stack Overflow is not a site for discussion of features or usage of the AdMob service."
"localhost","9413","In computer networking, localhost is the hostname given to the address of the loopback network interface. It is used by a host to access network services running on itself. "
"label","9408","A label is a placeholder for text and other UI elements."
"include","9402","A provision that many programming languages provide to allow functionality defined in one file to be used in another."
"java-native-interface","9400","The Java Native Interface (JNI) gives both the ability for JVM implementations to run system native code and the ability for native code to run Java code (by creating new JVM instances). The most common target languages for JNI are C and C++, for which at least the Sun/Oracle JDK implementations provide helper commands (javap - for code disassembly, javah for c code generation)."
"salesforce","9345","A Platform-as-a-Service development environment delivered on Salesforce.com - the platform is more correctly referred to as Force.com. A dedicated Salesforce Stack Exchange is available for all your Salesforce questions at https://salesforce.stackexchange.com/"
"gson","9338","Gson is Google's open-source library for serializing and deserializing Java objects to/from JSON."
"telerik","9333","Telerik is a vendor of development, team productivity, and automated testing tools, as well as UI components and content management solutions for Microsoft .NET."
"ios8","9324","iOS 8 is the eighth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system. It was announced at the company's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 2, 2014 and was released to the public on September 17, 2014.  The ios8 tag should be used for questions specific to Apple's iOS 8 operating system. General iOS questions should use the ios tag."
"authorization","9319","Authorization is the process of determining whether a user, program or device is allowed to access a protected resource in a particular way. Authorization is a key theme in computer security practices."
"stripe-payments","9309","Stripe-payments refers to the libraries and API produced by the ""Stripe"" company for payment processing."
"erlang","9305","Erlang is a general-purpose, garbage-collected programming language and runtime environment, with built-in support for concurrency, distribution and fault tolerance. "
"web-crawler","9294","A Web crawler (also known as Web spider) is a computer program that browses the World Wide Web in a methodical, automated manner or in an orderly fashion. Other terms for Web crawlers are ants, automatic indexers, bots, Web spiders, Web robots, or – especially in the FOAF community – Web scutters."
"location","9284","Location is a specific position in physical space, e.g. a point on the surface of the Earth described using latitude and longitude coordinates. This tag should NOT be used for questions related to the position of a virtual element e.g. position of a pixel on a bitmap or position of a layout element on UI (use [position] tag in that cases)."
"zip","9267","ZIP is a format for compressed file archives, allowing packaging of multiple files and directories into a single file.  "
"storyboard","9264","A storyboard is a graphic organizer in the form of illustrations or images displayed in sequence for the purpose of pre-visualizing a motion picture, animation, motion graphic or interactive media sequence. "
"dojo","9262","Dojo Toolkit is an open source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and web sites. It is dual-licensed under the BSD License and the Academic Free License. Dojo uses the Asynchronous Module Definition (AMD) format for its source code, allowing completely modular web application development.  "
"itext","9256","Library to create and manipulate PDF documents in Java and C#. Use this tag for code using iText versions up to 5.5.x. For iText versions from 7.0.0 onwards a separate tag ""itext7"" is available.  Remember to also add the tag for the language you're using."
"ruby-on-rails-5","9256","For issues specific to version 5.x.y of Rails. If your question applies to Ruby on Rails in general, use the tag [ruby-on-rails]."
"log4j","9230","log4j is a popular Java-based logging utility. It is a project of the Apache Software Foundation and is licensed under The Apache Software License, Version 2.0"
"wsdl","9175","Web Service Description Language (WSDL) is an XML based, human- and machine-readable language used to describe a web service. It describes the available web service methods, the message request and response structures, the possible faults, and the communication and security requirements.  This tag does not refer to any tool named ""wsdl"", such as WSDL.EXE from Microsoft."
"uiimage","9158","The basic image handling class of Cocoa-Touch on iOS. It is Available in iOS 2.0 and later."
"nuxt.js","9157","Nuxt.js is a framework for creating Vue.js applications, you can choose between Universal, Static Generated or Single Page application (inspired by Next.js)"
"timeout","9155","The timeout term refers to a predefined period of time allowed to elapse before an event is to occur. Timeout may also refer to an event that takes place after a specified period of time elapses."
"apache-poi","9143","Apache POI is a Java library for reading and writing various Microsoft file formats, especially Office related ones. It supports OLE2 and OOXML based formats, such as XLS, XLSX, DOC, DOCX, PPT and PPTX as well as a few others."
"actionscript","9141","ActionScript is a scripting language used to create Rich Internet Applications (RIA), mobiles applications, web applications, etc. It is the main language for Flash and Flex."
"fullcalendar","9133","Fullcalendar is a library developed by Adam Shaw that loads events by AJAX (as well as other methods) and presents them in a calendar/agenda display. Please always tag your fullCalendar version additionally - e.g. fullcalendar-5, fullcalendar-4 etc."
"local-storage","9123","LocalStorage is a way to store persistent data using JavaScript (see also: SessionStorage)."
"hex","9121","Hexadecimal (also base 16, or hex) is the base-16 positional numeral system, using the 16 symbols 0–9 and A‒F."
"output","9103","The externally observable consequences of calling a program on some input"
"pipe","9098","A pipe is an interprocess connection between file descriptors of two processes. A pipe is created with the POSIX pipe() function (from <unistd.h>).  Shells create pipes between processes if the ""|"" symbol is used: ""cmd1 | cmd2"" directs the output of cmd1 to the input of cmd2.  On Windows use CreatePipe(). This mechanism redirects standard input, standard output, and standard error into the calling process in .NET and Java."
"time-complexity","9096","The time complexity of an algorithm quantifies the amount of time taken by an algorithm to run as a function of the size of the input to the problem. The time complexity of an algorithm is commonly expressed using big O notation, which suppresses multiplicative constants and lower order terms."
"gruntjs","9093","Grunt is a task-based command line build tool and task runner for JavaScript projects."
"ckeditor","9087","CKEditor is an ecosystem of Open Source rich text editors with support for real-time collaboration. Use this tag together with the [ckeditor4] and [ckeditor5] tags to indicate the editor version."
"click","9085","In user interfaces, click refers to the depressing of a mouse button or similar input device."
"filesystems","9081","A file system is a way of organizing data on a computer system. Typically a file system consists of files, folders (normally a special kind of file) and an API that can be used for interacting with files."
"babeljs","9080","Babel (formerly 6to5) is a JavaScript compiler. It transforms ES6+/ES2015 code into ES5 code."
"treeview","9063","TreeView control is used to display hierarchical information. "
"resources","9051","Assets (like memory, disk space, CPU power or alike) necessary for effective operation or physical files (like images, configuration files or other) to provide some externalized enrichment to an application."
"conv-neural-network","9023","A convolutional neural network (CNN, or ConvNet) is a class of deep, feed-forward artificial neural networks that has successfully been applied to analyzing visual imagery. It falls under the [deep-learning] tag."
"cypher","9009","Cypher is a graph query language for Neo4j and AgensGraph. For ciphers as in encryption, see cipher."
"clang","9001","For questions about the clang LLVM compiler front end.  For general questions about C, use the C tag."
"icons","8982","An icon is a small pictogram used in graphical user interfaces to supplement the presentation of textual information to the user."
"window","8980","In computer science a window is a graphical interface to let a user interact with a program. Questions regarding Microsoft Windows should use the ""Windows"" tag."
"cross-browser","8973","Cross-browser development refers to the practice of building web sites, web applications, libraries, or components so that they function across different web browsers and rendering engines. "
"ip","8962","This tag is for questions related to the Internet Protocol. You may want to use the tag [ip-address] instead of or in conjunction with this tag. For questions about intellectual property, use [intellectual-property] instead."
"realm","8959","The Realm Platform is a data synchronization platform for mobile applications. It included the Realm Database, the Realm Object Server, and Realm Studio. Realm is now part of MongoDB Realm"
"angularjs-scope","8954","In AngularJS, a scope is an object that refers to the application model. It is an execution context for expressions."
"export","8951","""Export"" refers to the automated or semi-automated conversion of data sets from one data format to another. The term refers to both act of exporting and to the result of the action, i.e. the exported data set."
"maps","8946","A map is a visual representation of an area—a symbolic depiction highlighting relationships between elements of that space such as objects, regions, and themes.  For the key-value data structure, use dictionary tag instead."
"resize","8938","Issues relating to the resizing of controls, windows, forms or screens."
"in-app-purchase","8914","In-app purchase (IAP) usually refers to the acquisition of a feature for an application from within the application itself or the buying of digital goods from within an application. Use this tag for questions about writing code for the buying process. Questions about app-store policies or about specific transactions are off-topic on Stack Overflow and should not be posted."
"c++17","8901","C++17 is the name of the C++ standard approved in 2017. It builds upon the previous C++14 standard, improving the core language and standard library, and adding a few new language features."
"thread-safety","8891","A piece of code is thread-safe if it only manipulates data structures in a way that allows consistent execution of this code by multiple threads. A code may be thread safe, conditionally safe (mutual exclusion required) or unsafe (can only be safely used by one thread)."
"map","8882","A map is a data structure relating keys to values. For questions about mapping functions use [map-function] instead. For questions about geography, use [maps] instead."
"android-actionbar","8876","The ActionBar is Android's window feature that identifies the application and user location, and provides user actions and navigation modes."
"odbc","8873","Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) provides a standard software interface for accessing database management systems (DBMS)."
"twilio","8847","Twilio provides APIs and tools to add communications-related functionality (SMS/MMS, voice, video, e-mail, chat, 2FA, and others) into web and mobile applications."
"wordpress-theming","8824","The WordPress Theme system is the way to style your WordPress powered weblog / website."
"google-visualization","8815","The Google Visualization API allows SVG, Flash, and Image charts and dashboards to be created based on data from a variety of sources. The charts/dashboards can be interactive, updated automatically, and included on web pages and web applications."
"substring","8812","Part of a string, or the function/method that returns part of a string"
"elixir","8808","Elixir is an open-source, dynamic, compiled, general purpose functional programming language. It was designed to be fully compatible with the Erlang platform and is well suited to writing fault-tolerant, distributed applications with soft real-time guarantees and the ability for hot-code-swapping."
".net-4.0","8805","Version 4.0 of the .NET Framework.  Use for questions specifically related to .NET Framework 4.0.  For questions on .NET Framework generally, use the .net tag."
"printf","8803","`printf` is a common function for formatted output. C and many other languages have a whole family of related functions. Only use this tag if the question is directly concerned with `printf` or related functions."
"r-markdown","8799","R Flavored Markdown or ""R Markdown"" is a markdown variant used for content-creation and/or programming documentation interleaved with R code."
"cocoapods","8796","CocoaPods is the dependency manager for Cocoa projects."
"observable","8796","An observable is typically a programming construct that can be ""watched"" by other parts of the code, called the ""observers"". Different frameworks and programming languages have different implementations for observables, so this tag should typically be used in conjunction with others."
"kernel","8793","In computing, the kernel is a computer program that manages input/output requests from software, and translates them into data processing instructions for the central processing unit and other electronic components of a computer. The kernel is a fundamental part of a modern computer's operating system.   This tag is for general questions regarding code that runs in the context of an operating system kernel."
"runtime-error","8792","Use this tag to indicate that when an application is run, it reports a runtime error or runtime exception after or during the execution of the application. Use this tag with other tags that indicate programming language being used ([java], [c++], etc.) or for standard utilities or development environments include a tag indicating the application being run ([maven], [visual-studio], [gcc], etc.)."
"key","8785","A unique identifier used to retrieve a paired value.  Used in hash tables and databases."
"bots","8774","Bots, also known as web-robots, are software applications that run automated tasks over the Internet. Typically, they perform tasks that are both simple and structurally repetitive, at a much higher rate than would be possible for a human alone. Notable examples are spiders, crawlers, scrapers, spam-bots and game-bots."
"mapping","8770","Corresponding every element of a given set to a unique element of another set or it may refer to a process of creating data element mappings between two distinct data models (objects)"
"typo3","8751","TYPO3 is an Open Source Enterprise Web Content Management System (CMS), written in PHP. It is typically combined with a MySQL database and runs on many Unix and Windows systems."
"position","8749","Position refers to the location of an element relative to its container, typically on the horizontal and vertical axes."
"windows-services","8729","Windows services are background service processes run by the Service Control Manager on Windows NT based operating systems, similar to daemons or UNIX services."
"syntax-error","8727","A syntax error occurs when a program does not follow the syntactical rules of the programming language."
"ios6","8725","iOS 6 was announced by Apple on June 11, 2012 and released on September 19th, 2012. It runs all iPhones from 3GS and up."
"zend-framework2","8692","Zend Framework 2 is a PHP 5.3+ 5.4 (for Zend Framework 2.4+) or 5.5+ (for Zend Framework 2.5.0+) MVC framework and component library."
"imagemagick","8673","ImageMagick is an open source software suite for displaying, converting and editing raster image files."
"botframework","8672","The Microsoft Bot Framework is used for building intelligent chat bots and deploying them to multiple messaging platforms or channels at once. This includes utilizing various Bot Builder SDK features, creating bots of various types and using the Bot Directory or the Azure Bot Service."
"styles","8655","DO NOT USE THIS TAG. This tag does not currently have a single, well-defined meaning. It is often used in place of, or in conjunction with, [css]. It is also used on questions about the appearance of user interfaces and questions about source code formatting."
"signalr","8647","ASP.NET SignalR is a library for ASP.NET developers that makes it simple to add real-time functionality to your web applications. That is, to have your server-side code push content to the connected clients as it happens, in real-time."
"jquery-selectors","8638","Selectors can be used in jQuery to match a set of elements in a document. Most CSS selectors are implemented, as well as a set of custom ones."
"compression","8620","The name given to the process of encoding data such that it uses lesser number of bits as compared to the original representation."
"windows-runtime","8610","Windows Runtime (WinRT) is a Microsoft platform architecture that allows applications to run in a sandboxed environment exposing a 'Windows Modern Style' UI/UX.  Not to be confused with Windows RT, the edition of Windows 8 for ARM devices; see windows-rt."
"pattern-matching","8598","Use this tag for questions about testing whether a data structure has a particular shape or contains particular values in certain locations. Many functional languages provide pattern matching constructs. Most questions in this tag should also have the tag for the language you are programming in.  DO NOT USE THIS TAG FOR REGULAR EXPRESSION QUESTIONS, USE [regex] INSTEAD; similarly, for pattern matching (globbing) in POSIX-like shells, use [glob]."
"logic","8591","Logic refers to the ultimate flow of your code and how you arrive your desired solution. Questions should relate to finding a coding solution (or improving existing coding logic) to a given problem. Please use with an appropriate language tag, a thorough description of your logic, and the relevant code you're working on. General logic questions are off-topic. If you simply need a code review, consider https://codereview.stackexchange.com"
"malloc","8542","The malloc function performs dynamic memory allocation in C and is part of the standard library. Use this tag for questions about usage, behavior and implementations of malloc. "
"internet-explorer-8","8542","Windows Internet Explorer 8 is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released on 19 March 2009 for Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, and Windows 7."
"concatenation","8537","Refers to the joining of two or more elements into a single element. "
"azure-sql-database","8533","Azure SQL Database is a relational PaaS database hosted in Microsoft Azure. Azure SQL Database provides predictable performance, scalability, business continuity, data protection, and near-zero administration for cloud developers."
"sharepoint-2010","8528","For SharePoint-specific questions, please see the SharePoint Stack Exchange site at  https://sharepoint.stackexchange.com/"
"web-config","8517","web.config is an XML file that stores the main settings and configuration files for an IIS server. "
"escaping","8517","Escaping is the process of applying an alternate meaning to a character or set of characters."
"vagrant","8509","GENERAL VAGRANT SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com. Vagrant is a command line tool for provisioning virtualized environments on top of various providers, including VirtualBox, VMware and AWS."
"amazon-elastic-beanstalk","8494","AWS Elastic Beanstalk is a PaaS (Platform as a Service) service from Amazon Web Services that allows users to create applications and push them to a definable set of AWS services."
"windows-installer","8482","Windows Installer is the installation service provided with Windows, based on the creation and installation of MSI files. In practice there will be a tool you're using to generate the MSI files, and you should tag your question with Windows Installer and that tool (WiX, Visual Studio Setup Project, InstallShield, Advanced Installer etc). Your issue may be with building, designing, or installing MSI files. "
"swift2","8480","Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.x of Apple's Swift programming language. Use the tag [swift] for more general language questions, or the tags [ios], [cocoa], [apple-watch] etc for questions about developing on Apple platforms."
"cloud","8475","Cloud computing is about hardware-based services involving computing, network and storage capacities. These services are provided on-demand, hosted by the cloud provider and can easily scale up and down."
"asp.net-mvc-2","8470","ASP.NET MVC 2 is the second major version of the ASP.NET MVC platform, it has since been outdated by ASP.NET MVC 3."
"bluetooth-lowenergy","8456","Bluetooth Low Energy (""BLE"") is a radio standard introduced in 2006. It is also known as Bluetooth Smart and is a subset of Bluetooth v4.0."
"closures","8455","A closure is a first-class function that refers to (closes over) variables from the scope in which it was defined. If the closure still exists after its defining scope ends, the variables it closes over will continue to exist as well."
"pthreads","8446","Pthreads (POSIX Threads) is a standardised C-based API for creating and manipulating threads. It is currently defined by POSIX.1-2008 (IEEE Std 1003.1, 2013 Edition / The Open Group Base Specifications Issue 7)."
"jtable","8445","JTable is a Java Swing component used to display and edit regular two-dimensional tables of cells."
"blackberry","8445","BlackBerry offers a variety of development tools, including the BlackBerry Dynamics SDK, Cylance REST APIs, BlackBerry Workspaces APIs and SDKs, BlackBerry QNX development and BlackBerry UEM REST APIs. Consider adding the BlackBerry SDK you are using as an addition tag."
"uitextfield","8416","A UITextField object is a control that displays editable text and sends an action message to a target object when the user presses the return button. You typically use this class to gather small amounts of text from the user and perform some immediate action, such as a search operation, based on that text. "
"repository","8401","Can refer to the data store of a version control system containing the whole history of a project, or to an object that transfers data between the business layer of an application and its data store."
"jasper-reports","8397","JasperReports is an open source reporting tool that can be used in all Java applications from desktop to web applications. This tag should always be applied to all question related to this framework, if the question is also related to usage of a specific IDE (jaspersoft-studio or ireport) add the correct one. Only if your question contains back-end code in java/php etc you need to add those as additional tags."
"regression","8382","Regression analysis is a collection of statistical techniques for modeling and predicting one or multiple variables based on other data."
"ef-code-first","8382","EF Code-First is a way of using Microsoft's Entity Framework with POCO classes, as opposed to model-first or DB-first."
"webrtc","8367","WebRTC is a free, open project providing browsers and mobile applications with Real-Time Communications (RTC) capabilities (audio, video, and binary data streaming) via simple APIs and common set of protocols. Tags for operating environment may be helpful, e.g. [node.js] or [reactjs] or [ios] as well as specific browser, e.g. [firefox]. Questions concerning Session Description Protocol use [sdp]. Use [ortc] for Object RTC."
"locking","8352","Locking allows different types of resources to be used exclusively by one process at a time."
"http-post","8351","POST is one of the HTTP protocol methods; it is used when the client needs to send data to the server, such as when uploading a file, or submitting a completed form."
"applescript","8283","AppleScript is an end user scripting language that has been available in Mac computers since System 7 Pro (7.1.1). It allows for automation of system tasks, communication between processes, and creation of workflows, amongst other functions."
"polymer","8280","The Polymer library provides a set of features that make it easy and fast to make custom elements that work like standard DOM elements."
"max","8269","Maximum value. Largest, biggest, greatest."
"asp.net-identity","8261","The ASP.NET Identity system is designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems."
"constraints","8253","A constraint is a condition that has to be fulfilled in a given context. Constraints are typically used in databases and programming languages to detect errors, ensure data consistency, accuracy, and to enforce business requirements."
"controls","8253","Use this tag for programming scenarios related to controls (interactive elements of the user interface)."
"pandas-groupby","8248","To be used for grouping variables together based on a given condition. And only to be used with relevance to `pandas` library"
"global-variables","8236","Global variables are variables that are accessible from all elements of a software component.  "
"command-line-interface","8234","The interface to a program that consists entirely of text, as opposed to (although not necessarily mutually exclusive to) a GUI, or Graphical User Interface."
"language-agnostic","8219","Use this tag for PROGRAMMING QUESTIONS that are independent of any particular programming language."
"singleton","8215","A design pattern that ensures that exactly one application-wide instance of a particular class exists. One of the Gang of Four's creational design patterns. "
"jinja2","8210","Jinja2 is a fast template engine for Python. It has full Unicode support, auto-escaping, inheritance, macros, and many other features."
"thymeleaf","8209","Thymeleaf is an XML/XHTML/HTML5 template engine (extensible to other formats) that can work both in web and non-web environments. It is better suited for serving XHTML/HTML5 at the view layer of web applications, it can process any XML file even in offline environments.  It provides an optional module for integration with Spring MVC, so that you can use it as a complete substitute of JSP in your applications made with this technology, even with HTML5. "
"many-to-many","8209","A type of relationship between entities of types A and B which associates a list of entities of type B to an entity of type A and vice versa. Types A and B may be the same type."
"broadcastreceiver","8206","BroadcastReceiver is an Android component that responds to system-wide broadcast announcements."
"alignment","8187","In GUI (inc. web page) context, alignment refers to the positioning of visual elements. Or for memory addresses, being a multiple of some power of 2."
"mocha.js","8180","Mocha.js is a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on Node.js and the browser."
"qt5","8175","Questions specifically for version 5.x of the Qt library. If your question applies to other versions of Qt, use the tag [tag:qt4] or [tag:qt3]. It is recommended to use with the tag  [tag:qt]."
"mercurial","8168","Mercurial is a fast, open-source DVCS (Distributed Version Control System). "
"video-streaming","8164","Video streaming is the process of delivering a video from a server to a client. This is different from simply downloading the entire video file, as the client is able to watch the video while it's being downloaded."
"material-design","8153","Material design is Google's guide for visual, motion, and interaction design across platforms and devices, introduced with Android 5.0 Lollipop."
"google-oauth","8146","Google APIs use the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization. Google supports common OAuth 2.0 scenarios such as those for web server, installed, and client-side applications. When posting questions, it is most helpful if you could explain who owns the resource that is to be accessed."
"celery","8136","Celery is a distributed task queue framework for Python, used for asynchronous and parallel execution."
"azure-pipelines","8111","Azure Pipelines provides build services (CI), that are free for open source projects and available in the GitHub marketplace. Azure Pipelines also provides release management for continuous delivery (CD) to any cloud and on-premises servers. With Azure Pipelines, you’ll be able to continuously build, test and deploy to any platform and cloud."
"testng","8105","TestNG is a testing framework focused on providing both unit and functional testing abilities in the Java programming language. It supports parallel testing, data providers, dependencies, groups and other features."
"logstash","8104","Logstash is a tool for managing events and logs. You can use it to collect logs, parse them and send them to storage for later use (such as searching). "
"google-chrome-devtools","8090","Chrome DevTools are the web developer tools built into Google Chrome."
"try-catch","8090","try-catch is a syntactic construct for catching exceptions raised by a code section"
"android-sqlite","8061","Android uses SQLite to store and retrieve data persistently. Use this tag for questions regarding the Android implementation of SQLite, how to use it in your application, or for help when your implementation of SQLite doesn't work."
"c++14","8041","C++14 is the name of the C++ standard, approved in 2014. It builds upon the previous C++11 standard, improving the core language and standard library and adding some features."
"operator-overloading","8039","Operator overloading is a feature of a programming language that allows custom implementations for operators depending on the types of the operands involved.  Some languages allow new operators to be defined while others only allow redefinition of existing ones."
"gtk","8022","GTK (formerly GTK+) is a toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces (GUIs) with cross platform compatibility and an easy to use API."
"hdfs","8021","Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) is the default file storage system used by Apache Hadoop. HDFS creates multiple replicas of data blocks and distributes them on data nodes throughout a cluster to enable reliable, and computation of huge amount of data on commodity hardware."
"seaborn","8000","Seaborn is a Python data visualization library based on matplotlib. It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive and informative statistical graphics."
"retrofit","7982","Retrofit is a type-safe REST client for Android and Java by Square, Inc."
"double","7962","Double is a primitive data type used to store fractional numbers that holds a double-precision floating-point (often 64 bits)."
"fragment","7960","**DO NOT USE**: fragment is an ambiguous tag, used to refer to numerous technologies.  Prefer less ambiguous tags. For Android Fragments, use [android-fragments]. For URL fragments, use [url-fragment]"
"python-imaging-library","7959","The Python Imaging Library (PIL) provides the Python language with a de-facto standard foundation for image work. PIL’s API is lightweight but semantically consistent; it furnishes a range of comfortably Pythonic tools throughout much of the imaging lexicon: processing, analysis, compression and codec abstraction, etc. – all of which builds upon a bespoke and readily extensible library structure."
"build.gradle","7958","The file build.gradle describes the default actions and tasks launched by 'gradle' command in the appropriate folder."
"akka","7946","Akka is an open-source toolkit and runtime simplifying the construction of concurrent and distributed applications on the JVM. It implements the actor model known from Erlang."
"tinymce","7897","TinyMCE is an open source WYSIWYG HTML editor that provides a modern rich text editing experience for web applications. Use this tag for questions regarding the usage of TinyMCE and its integration with CMSs and other web-based applications."
"client","7894","A client is an application or system that accesses a service made available by a server."
"office365","7893","Microsoft Office 365 includes service APIs for the hosted versions of Exchange Server, SharePoint, Lync, and Yammer. These APIs give you access to Files, Sites, Calendar, Contact, Mail, Notes and other data stored in Office 365. Many of these are also available via the Microsoft Graph.  Additionally, there are APIs for integrating with add-ins for SharePoint, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote."
"angular6","7884","Questions about Angular version 6, the web framework from Google. Use this tag for Angular questions which are specific to only version 6. Use tag Angular for any Angular questions which are not specific to an individual version."
"gpu","7865","Acronym for ""Graphics Processing Unit"". For programming traditional graphical applications, see the tag entry for ""graphics programming"". For general-purpose programming using GPUs, see the tag entry for ""gpgpu"". For specific GPU programming technologies, see the popular tag entries for ""opencl"", ""cuda"" and ""thrust""."
"webserver","7864","A software application that services requests from clients using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol."
"scheme","7837","Scheme is a functional programming language in the Lisp family, closely modeled on lambda calculus with eager (applicative order) evaluation. FOR questions about URL schemes PLEASE use the tag ""URL-scheme""."
"air","7835","Adobe Integrated Runtime (AIR), also known as Adobe AIR, is a cross-platform runtime environment developed by Adobe Systems for building applications targeting desktop, mobile and television systems using Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex, ActionScript 3.0, MXML, HTML, or AJAX."
"match","7825","A programming concept about finding results based on some kind of search. Typically used when talking about regular expressions."
"sh","7803","sh is the standard Unix shell since Version 7 Unix. POSIX has standardized shell behavior based on the Bourne Shell, and portable shell scripts should conform to the standardized syntax. Use this tag for questions that apply to Bourne/POSIX-style shells. For shell scripts with errors, please check them in http://shellcheck.net before posting here."
"apple-push-notifications","7794","The Apple Push Notification Service is a service created by Apple Inc. that was launched together with iOS 3.0.APNS is used together with Mac OS X Lion Server to push update notifications to clients that have registered to receive updates via a configuration profile and are also using the server's mail, calendar and contacts services. This means that devices such as the iPhone and applications like iCal on the Mac can receive a notification"
"state","7788","The contents of memory locations, at any given point in the program's execution, is called the program's state."
"task","7773","A task is an abstraction that is used to work with concurrency, it can denote operation that should be executed concurrently with the rest of a program. A task is a concurrent thread of execution in Ada and represents an asynchronous operation in .NET, also it corresponds to Threads in Java."
"overriding","7769","Method overriding, in object oriented programming, is a language feature that allows a subclass or child class to provide a specific implementation of a method that is already provided by one of its superclasses or parent classes."
"blazor","7746","Blazor lets you build interactive web UIs using C# instead of JavaScript. It is a feature of ASP.NET, the web development framework from Microsoft that extends the .NET developer platform."
"app-store","7735","The App Store is Apple's online digital distribution store for applications. It is a repository of apps which run on iOS mobile devices, as well as desktop Mac OS environments.  Questions tagged [app-store] are related to performing programmatic interactions with the App Store (such as listing apps or renewing licensing). Questions related to App Store rejections or other customer support are off-topic."
"tableview","7733","A table view is a means for displaying and editing hierarchical lists of information. For example: UITableView in Cocoa Touch."
"coding-style","7733","**DO NOT USE! This tag refers to an entirely opinionated subject and is therefore no longer on-topic.**  Questions that follow coding style and conventions. "
"comparison","7720","Questions about data comparison and efficient ways to accomplish it. Please avoid using this tag for generic (meta) comparison of two issues or concepts."
"windows-phone-8.1","7718","Windows Phone 8.1 is a major update to Microsoft's Windows Phone 8 operating system. It was announced at the Build Conference in April 2014."
"microservices","7695","An architectural approach to developing a single application as a suite of small individually deployable  services."
"bitbucket","7694","Bitbucket is a hosting site for Git and Mercurial. The service offering includes an issue tracker and wiki, as well as integration with a number of popular third-party services. Atlassian acquired bitbucket.org in 2010. "
"out-of-memory","7692","An error or exception which is thrown when a program makes a request for memory that cannot be satisfied."
"glassfish","7679","GlassFish is the reference Java EE application server."
"apache2","7676","Apache (HTTP Server) /əˈpætʃiː/ is a modular cross-platform web server software with a large variety of features(called modules) including SSL, compression, log, proxy and server-side programming language interfaces like Perl, Python, Tcl, and PHP."
"cygwin","7673","Cygwin is a collection of GNU and other Unix-like FOSS tools which run on MS Windows and provide functionality similar to a GNU/Linux distribution while (mostly) conforming to POSIX specifications.  Use this tag for questions about developing programs and/or scripts to run in this environment.  Questions on the *use* of tools in a Cygwin environment are more appropriate for Super User (https://superuser.com)."
"asp.net-web-api2","7667","ASP.NET Web API 2 is a framework for building HTTP services for clients like browsers and mobile devices. It is based on the Microsoft .NET Framework and an ideal choice for building RESTful services."
"requirejs","7661","RequireJS is a JavaScript file and module loader. It is optimized for in-browser use, but it can be used in other JavaScript environments, like Rhino and Node.js. If you are using the require call that comes bundled with Node.js then you are NOT using RequireJS. Please do not use this tag for such cases. Use the require tag instead."
"spring-batch","7640","Spring Batch is a lightweight, comprehensive framework aimed at enabling the development of  batch applications vital for the daily operations of enterprise systems. Batch applications in this context refers to automated offline systems targeted towards bulk data processing."
"seo","7630","Note: General SEO questions are off-topic. Only programming-related SEO questions are acceptable on Stack Overflow. Non-programming SEO questions should be asked on Webmasters.SE at https://webmasters.stackexchange.com.  If someone has directed you here to read this warning, go back and delete your question."
"left-join","7618","A left join is an outer join which generates a result that contains all the records of the ""left"" table even when there are no matching records in other tables taking part in the join."
"angularjs-ng-repeat","7618","The `ngRepeat` directive instantiates a template once per item from a collection. Each template instance gets its own scope, where the given loop variable is set to the current collection item, and `$index` is set to the item index or key."
"rss","7617","Really Simple Syndication (RSS) is a family of web feed formats used to publish frequently updated works—such as blog entries, news headlines, audio, and video—in a standardized format."
"phantomjs","7610","PhantomJS is a headless (GUI-less) WebKit with a JavaScript API. It has native support for various web standards: DOM handling, CSS selector, JSON, Canvas, and SVG."
"usb","7603","HARDWARE QUESTIONS ARE OFF-TOPIC. Consider https://superuser.com if you need USB hardware help. USB is an acronym for Universal Serial Bus, a standard for a serial host-to-device protocol defined by the USB Implementors Forum. "
"momentjs","7575","A JavaScript date library for parsing, manipulating, and formatting dates.  Use this tag for issues with moment, moment-timezone, and any moment plugins.  NOTE: As of September 2020, the Moment team recommends you chose a different library for new projects.  See the Project Status section of the Moment docs.  On StackOverflow, please refrain from recommending Moment as a solution unless Moment is specifically asked for in the question."
"virtual-machine","7570","A virtual-machine is software emulating complete computer hardware. There are various applications that supply this functionality.   **Note**: For questions on the Java VM, use the specific tag [jvm], and for the Android virtual machine, use the tag [dalvik]. For other questions on implementation details of other kinds of VMs like interpreters, automata or Turing-machines, use the tag [vm-implementation]. ONLY QUESTIONS ABOUT PROGRAMMING ARE ON-TOPIC."
"themes","7567","Themes and theming can be used to give another look and feel to existing UI and has a close relation to templating. "
"markdown","7551","Markdown is a plain text formatting syntax designed so that it can be converted to HTML using a tool by the same name. Markdown is often used to format readme files, for writing messages in online discussion forums, and to create rich text using a plain text editor."
"refactoring","7551","Refactoring is a disciplined technique for restructuring existing code, altering its internal structure without changing its external behavior. Open-ended questions about refactoring your code are off-topic for Stack Overflow, however they may be appropriate for Code Review."
"tidyverse","7546","DO NOT USE if your question relates to one or two components of the tidyverse, such as dplyr or ggplot2. Use *those* tags, and tag with `r` as well for a better response."
"parameter-passing","7544","parameter-passing is the process of assigning values to the parameters of a function"
"google-sheets-formula","7541","Use this tag for Google Sheets questions that involve the use of spreadsheet formulas. Use together with tags such as [google-sheets] for broader visibility, [array-formulas], [google-query-language] or [custom-functions]+[google-apps-script] when the formula includes a custom function written in [google-apps-script].  Avoid use with [excel] and [excel-formulas]."
"media-queries","7529","Media queries enable the conditional application of CSS styles based on media types, such as screen and print, and the conditions of media features, such as viewport and device height and width. They are part of the W3C CSS3 specification."
"pytest","7518","Simple powerful no-boilerplate testing with Python. Please also add the `python` tag for questions tagged with `pytest`."
"full-text-search","7514","Full text search involves searching documents, usually involving unstructured text, as opposed to searching text fields in a structured database."
"html5-video","7512","HTML5 video is an element introduced in the HTML5 draft specification for the purpose of creating a standards-compliant, plugin-free way for playing videos and movies, partially replacing the object element."
"applet","7496","Applet means 'small application'. This has become commonly used to describe Java applets embedded in web pages. And in that context, applets can be regarded as outdated technology."
"vuetify.js","7489","Vuetify.js is an open source framework for building user interfaces for Vue.js 2. Use this tag for questions specific to vuetify components and api. (If possible provide CodePen or JsFiddle reproducing your issue)"
"react-navigation","7481","An easy-to-use navigation solution to be used in React Native projects"
"jax-rs","7472","JAX-RS: Java API for RESTful Web Services. It is an API that provides support in creating web services according to the REST architectural style. "
"runtime","7450","Runtime is the time during which a program is running (executing)"
"dynamics-crm","7431","Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multilingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft. It has built in support for Sales, Marketing and Service. It can be used as an xRM platform."
"mule","7431","Mule is a lightweight Java-based enterprise service bus (ESB) and integration platform that allows developers to connect applications together quickly and easily, enabling them to exchange data. Mule enables easy integration of existing systems, regardless of the different technologies that the applications use, including JMS, Web Services, JDBC, HTTP, and more."
"shared-libraries","7430","Shared libraries are libraries that are loaded by programs when they start. A single shared copy of each library is loaded into physical memory and may be used by multiple processes at the same time. This reduces memory use and improves system performance. This tag should never be used alone."
"entity-framework-4","7422","A tag for ADO.NET Entity Framework 4.x, itself an object-relational mapping for the .NET framework."
"bit-manipulation","7417","The manipulation of individual bits. Operators used may include bitwise AND, OR, XOR, NOT, left-shift, and right-shift."
"glsl","7416","The OpenGL Shading Language (GLSL) is the standard programming language for shaders in OpenGL. There are many versions of the language, with each version corresponding to a version of OpenGL. OpenGL ES 2.0 and above have separate versions of GLSL."
"jpanel","7408","JPanel is a container in the Java Swing Framework that allows custom rendering using layout managers. JPanels can be nested for flexibility.   There is also a jQuery plugin with the same name that provides accordions, tabs, and fieldsets from simple container mark up."
"bigdata","7408","Big data is a concept that deals with data sets of extreme volumes. Questions may tend to be related to infrastructure, algorithms, statistics, and data structures."
"sms","7397","Short Message Service (SMS) is the standardized text communication service component of phone, web or mobile communication systems that allow the exchange of short text messages between fixed line or mobile phone devices."
"handlebars.js","7389","Handlebars is a templating library for JavaScript."
"operators","7381","Operators are symbols that occur in nearly all programming and coding languages, for performing calculations and comparisons on data."
"kendo-grid","7358","The Kendo Grid is a Kendo widget that displays tabular data and offers rich support interacting with data, including paging, sorting, grouping, and selection. Grid is a powerful widget with many configuration options. It can be bound to local JSON data or to remote data using the Kendo DataSource component."
"airflow","7343","Apache Airflow is a workflow management platform to programmatically author, schedule, and monitor workflows as directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) of tasks. "
"tcl","7342","Tool Command Language was invented by John Ousterhout as a way to make it easy to write little languages for configuring EDA tools, but it has grown far beyond those humble beginnings to become a general scripting language with built-in asynchronous I/O and Unicode strings while supporting paradigms such as object-oriented programming and coroutines."
"character","7329","Refers to a symbol that represents a letter or number. Also, the bit pattern used to represent such a symbol."
"artificial-intelligence","7318","Artificial intelligence (AI) is the branch of computer science and technology that studies the development of machines able to simulate aspects of human intelligence. This tag may also refer to the part of a computer game application that controls the behavior of the virtual characters with which the player may interact during the game."
"xna","7308","XNA is a cross-platform framework originally from Microsoft that facilitates game development with .NET. Supports: Windows, Xbox 360, Windows Phone (natively), Silverlight (via SilverSprite or Exen), iPhone/iPad, Android, Mac OS X, Linux and others (via MonoGame)."
"bootstrap-modal","7307","Bootstrap provides a JavaScript-powered dialog element that can be used to replace native dialogs (to a degree); unlike native dialogs, Bootstrap modals cannot block the flow of execution.  "
"sharedpreferences","7301","SharedPreferences allows you to save and retrieve persistent key-value pairs of primitive data types in Android applications. It can be used either inside a single app or shared between multiple apps."
"deserialization","7298","Deserialization is the process by which an object is recreated from its serialized state."
"jms","7296","The Java Message Service (JMS) API is a Java Message Oriented Middleware (MOM) API for sending messages between two or more clients. JMS is a part of the Java Platform, Enterprise Edition, and is defined by a specification developed under the Java Community Process."
"amazon-redshift","7292","Amazon Redshift is a petabyte-scale data warehousing service using existing business intelligence tools to analyze the data. Redshift is a column-oriented MPP database based on ParAccel and ParAccel  was itself based on PostgreSQL."
"httprequest","7290","HTTP Request is a message within a request/response sequence, according to HTTP specification. May also refer an HttpRequest class in software frameworks and libraries that automates relevant functionality"
"webkit","7275","WebKit is an open-source Web content engine for browsers and other applications, such as Apple Safari, Mail, App Store and several mobile browsers including the pre-installed browsers for Android, iOS, RIM Blackberry, Symbian, and WebOS."
"google-cloud-messaging","7271","Google Cloud Messaging is a service to allow data to be sent remotely to Android and iOS applications and Chrome extensions and packaged apps."
"classification","7270","In machine learning and statistics, classification is the problem of identifying which of a set of categories a new observation belongs to, on the basis of a training set of data containing observations whose category membership (label) is known. "
"data-science","7262","Implementation questions about data science. Data science concerns extracting knowledge or insights from data, in whatever shape or form. It can contain predictive analytics and usually takes a lot of data wrangling.  General questions about data science should be posted to their respective communities."
"byte","7260","A unit of information usually corresponding to 8 bits. This term is also most often used to indicate the smallest addressable unit of storage on a digital system."
"shopify","7258","Shopify is an online platform for creating e-commerce sites and other dynamic websites."
"firefox-addon","7254","Commonly, you should use this tag IN ADDITION TO the tag for the specific type of add-on which you are asking about. At this point, the most common is firefox-addon-webextensions for WebExtensions based add-ons. A Firefox add-on is a way of adding to or modifying the Firefox web browser. Most commonly, questions in this tag are about Firefox extensions, which add new functionality to the browser, although ""add-on"" may also refer to themes or plugins."
"laravel-5.2","7243","Laravel 5.2 is a past version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on December 21, 2015. Use it in addition to the laravel-5 tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.2. Use the laravel tag for general laravel related questions."
"visual-studio-2019","7237","Visual Studio 2019 is a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio. Do not use this tag unless you have a specific question about this specific version."
"apk","7236","An .apk file extension denotes an Android Package (APK) file. This file format, a variant of the JAR format, is used for distributing and installing bundled components onto the Android operating system.  For questions related to the Alpine Package Keeper, use the tag [alpine-package-keeper]"
"spring-integration","7233","Use this tag for questions about the Spring Integration project. It is not intended for general questions about integrating other Spring projects with other technologies. "
"aggregate","7231","Aggregate refers to the process of summarizing grouped data, commonly used in Statistics."
"data-visualization","7231","Data visualization is the study of the visual representation of data. Maps and charts are the most common types of data visualization, but there are many more."
"android-webview","7225","Part of the Android API. A View that displays web pages. This class is the basis upon which you can roll your own web browser or simply display some online content within your Activity."
"nativescript","7221","NativeScript is an open source framework created by Telerik that makes native mobile app development easier for web developers. It enables developers to use JavaScript or TypeScript (with or without Angular or Vue) to build native mobile applications for iOS and Android. NativeScript apps render native UI components styled by a subset of CSS. Modules provide cross-platform native API abstractions. 100% of native APIs are available via JavaScript. "
"sql-order-by","7205","An ORDER BY clause in SQL specifies that a SQL SELECT statement returns a result set with the rows being sorted by the values of one or more columns."
"case","7195","In SQL, the CASE expression evaluates a list of conditions, returning the result for the first condition which evaluates to true.  For programming languages' CASE questions, use the [switch-statement] tag instead."
"jsx","7190","For questions about the JSX syntax used by React.js, Vue, and other front-end JavaScript frameworks that allows inline XML literals to be used in JavaScript to describe HTML elements. If your question is about Adobe's extended implementation of JavaScript (ExtendScript) which is at least five years older than React.js, use the [ExtendScript] tag instead."
"appium","7184","An open-source test automation tool for use with native and hybrid mobile apps"
"rstudio","7181","RStudio is an IDE for the R statistical programming language. DO NOT use this tag for general R programming problems, just use the R tag. ONLY use for RStudio-specific questions."
"progress-bar","7174","A progress bar is a component in a graphical user interface used to convey the progress of a task, such as a download or file transfer."
"vuex","7167","Vuex is a state management pattern + library for Vue.js applications. It serves as a centralized store for all the components in an application, with rules ensuring that the state can only be mutated in a predictable fashion."
"less","7163","Less is an open-source stylesheet preprocessor that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variables, mixins, operations and functions. For the UNIX command, use [less-unix]."
"cursor","7155","DO NOT USE. This tag is ambiguous. For database cursors (that let you traverse records), use the [database-cursor] tag. For mouse cursors (onscreen pointer to let you know where the mouse is), use [mouse-cursor]. For text-cursors (blinking vertical bar to let you know where text will be input), use [caret]."
"expression","7153","Combination of several programming symbols and values intending to produce a result"
"retrofit2","7146","Retrofit2 is the second version of the type-safe REST client Retrofit for Android and Java. It is developed by Square, Inc.  "
"report","7125","A report contains summarized information from a data source, usually in an end-user-friendly format, such as PDF or Excel, although proprietary reporting tools (usually with built-in design tools) also exist."
"nsstring","7118","NSString is the plain-text character-string class in Cocoa and Cocoa Touch. See also NSMutableString, NSData and NSMutableData (for objects that contain bytes rather than human-language characters), and NSAttributedString and NSMutableAttributedString (for rich-text strings)."
"openshift","7118","OpenShift is Red Hat's distribution of Kubernetes for the enterprise. In terms of cloud service computing models, OpenShift implements the functionality of both a Platform as a Service (PaaS) and a Container as a Service (CaaS)."
"odata","7115","The Open Data Protocol (OData) is a standardized protocol for building REST APIs. OData specifies many best practices for REST APIs, including a terse, hypermedia-oriented JSON format. Use this tag for all specification versions (v2, v3, v4.x)."
"react-native-android","7098","React-native-android: refers everything related to react-native Android development. Component, Styling, Routing and Native API access in react-native Android."
"decimal","7085","Decimal is the name for our common base-ten numeral system. It may also refer to non-integer values expressed with a decimal point."
"blob","7081","A BLOB is a collection of binary data stored as a single entity in a database management system."
"google-cloud-datastore","7074","Google Cloud Datastore is a scalable, fully-managed NoSQL document database for web and mobile applications. "
"wxpython","7054","wxPython is a Python wrapper for the cross-platform C++ GUI API wxWidgets."
"pivot-table","7040","A ""pivot table"" is a method of summarizing data in tabular form.  Typically, these have a category column in the left hand side, and multiple summary columns to the right. Each different category will have its own row."
"streaming","7029","Streaming is the process of delivering digital multimedia content from a provider to a consumer over a network. The provider may have the data stored or may be relaying it from a live source."
"phpstorm","7023","JetBrains PhpStorm is a commercial IDE for PHP built on JetBrains' IntelliJ IDEA. PhpStorm provides an intelligent editor for PHP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript with refactoring and on-the-fly code analysis."
"uilabel","7017","The UILabel class implements a read-only text view in iOS. You can use this class to draw one or multiple lines of static text, such as those you might use to identify other parts of your user interface. The base UILabel class provides support for both simple and complex styling of the label text. You can also control over aspects of appearance, such as whether the label uses a shadow or draws with a highlight."
"content-management-system","7012","A Content Management System (CMS) is a platform used to build websites that are easily edited by multiple users.  NOTE:  Product recommendations are off-topic for Stack Overflow; if you are using this tag to ask for CMS recommendations, your question is off-topic!"
"pdf-generation","7008","PDF generation is the process of creating a PDF document using various tools or libraries."
"oracle10g","7007","Oracle is an RDBMS product. Specific releases of the product are known as Oracle9i, Oracle10g and Oracle 11g. Generally there are two releases within each major version. Questions tagged [tag:oracle10g] are assumed to be specific to this version or features introduced in this version."
"angular-cli","7005","The Angular CLI is a command line interface for building, managing and deploying Angular (version 2+) applications."
"registry","7001","The Windows Registry is a database where configuration settings for hardware, software and the Windows operating system itself are saved."
"ruby-on-rails-3.2","6997","Ruby on Rails version 3.2.0 released at January 20, 2012. Use this tag for issues related to development in Ruby on Rails version 3.2.0."
"jetty","6992","Eclipse Jetty is a widely-used async Java-based HTTP server and servlet engine supporting HTTP/1.0, HTTP/1.1, HTTP/2, and WebSocket protocols."
"adb","6989","ADB (Android Debug Bridge) is a tool that comes with the Android SDK that allows you to control and interface with your Android device."
"load","6986","A measure of the amount of work a computer is performing. CPU load is closely related too, but not exactly the same as CPU utilization."
"windows-store-apps","6978","This refers to Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 apps only. Use [Windows-10-Universal] for Windows apps that target Windows 10. Use [winrt-xaml] for Windows XAML-related questions.  Windows Store apps (formerly Metro-style applications) are built on the Windows Runtime (WinRT) and are available on the Windows Store. They target Windows 8 and Windows RT using .NET for Windows Store Apps or html/css and are immersive full-screen applications."
"playframework-2.0","6974","Play Framework 2.0 is a major revision of Play, a Ruby on Rails-like framework for the Java platform. Version 2.0 introduces features such as the use of Scala language, Akka actors, Scala templates and a build system (SBT)."
"azure-blob-storage","6974","Azure Blob Storage is a cloud service for storing unstructured binary data. It is a part of the Microsoft Azure family of cloud services. Blobs can be of any file type. azure blobs can be Block or Page oriented. Block blobs are optimized for sequential read, while Page blobs are optimized for random read. A single Block Blob can be up to 200 GB in size and a single Page blob - up to 2 TB."
"google-play-services","6972","With Google Play services, your Android app can take advantage of the latest, Google-powered features such as Maps, Google+, and more, with automatic platform updates distributed as an APK through the Google Play store. This makes it faster for your users to receive updates and easier for you to integrate the newest that Google has to offer."
"nunit","6970","NUnit is an open source unit testing framework for .NET and Silverlight written in C#. It serves the same purpose as JUnit or TestNG does in the Java world, and is one of many in the xUnit family."
"ocaml","6965","OCaml is a strict statically-typed functional programming language, focusing on expressiveness, correctness, and efficiency."
"schema","6961","Schema means shape, or more generally, plan. It may be XML schema or Database schema."
"focus","6956","Focus indicates the component of the graphical user interface which is currently selected to receive input."
"websphere","6952","IBM WebSphere Application Server, a software application server, is the flagship product within IBM's WebSphere brand. WebSphere Application Server is built using open standards such as Java EE, XML, and Web Services."
"2d","6950","2D computer graphics is the computer-based generation of digital images—mostly from two-dimensional models. "
"devexpress","6947","DevExpress is a component vendor for a variety of controls across different technologies.  They allow for more customization than the standard-issue controls."
"row","6944","A horizontal line of cells in a spreadsheet, SQL table, HTML table, or similar structure."
"bar-chart","6944","A bar chart is graphical representation of data where the value is represented by the length of the bar."
"amazon-cloudformation","6929","For questions about CloudFormation, part of the Amazon Web Services (AWS) that provides a way to manage a collection of related AWS resources."
"single-sign-on","6917","Single sign-on, a system for sharing authentication credentials between different systems"
"ipython","6911","IPython is a feature-rich interactive shell for Python, and provides a kernel for frontends such as IPython Notebook and Jupyter Notebook."
"hbase","6901","HBase is the Hadoop database (columnar). Use it when you need random, real time read/write access to your Big Data. This project's goal is the hosting of very large tables -- billions of rows X millions of columns -- atop clusters of commodity hardware. "
"token","6893","A token is a string of characters, categorized according to the rules as a symbol (e.g., IDENTIFIER, NUMBER, COMMA). The process of forming tokens from an input stream of characters is called tokenization, and the lexer categorizes them according to a symbol type. A token can look like anything that is useful for processing an input text stream or text file."
"virtualenv","6884","virtualenv is a tool that creates sandboxed Python environments."
"language-lawyer","6871","For questions about the intricacies of formal or authoritative specifications of programming languages and environments."
"scanf","6852","Questions related to the scanf() family of functions in the C runtime library, which read and convert formatted data. (Includes scanf(), sscanf(), fscanf(), and their variadic equivalents.)"
"signals","6833","A signal is a notification to a process that an event occurred. Signals are sometimes described as software interrupts. Signals are analogous to hardware interrupts in that they interrupt the normal flow of execution of a program; in most cases, it is not possible to predict exactly when a signal will arrive. They are defined in the C standards and extended in POSIX, but many other programming languages/systems provide access to them as well."
"nestjs","6824","Nest (NestJS) is a framework for building efficient, scalable Node.js server-side applications. It uses progressive JavaScript, is built with and fully supports TypeScript."
"ssms","6813","Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server. "
"windows-phone","6810","GENERAL WINDOWS PHONE SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Windows Phone is Microsoft's mobile operating system and software development platform. Use this tag for programming questions that specifically relate to programming or debugging on a Windows Phone. Windows Phone questions that are not programming-related can be asked on https://windowsphone.stackexchange.com/ "
"size","6806","Size in computing can refer to various dimensions: size in bits, in bytes, in pixels, in memory, in disk space, etc.  Please don't use this tag in your posts - it's too generic to usefully categorise your question."
"rx-java","6793","RxJava – Reactive Extensions for the JVM – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Java VM."
"nltk","6788","The Natural Language Toolkit is a Python library for computational linguistics."
"jenkins-plugins","6784","Jenkins is an open source continuous integration software. It is extensible by Plugins which are developed by the core team, users, and developers. There are currently 1300+ plugins available for Jenkins."
"tooltip","6774","Tooltips are a GUI (Graphical User Interface) element which typically pops up when the mouse pointer is hovering over an item in the GUI and provides some contextual information or clarification."
"notepad++","6754","Notepad++ is a free and open source text editor for Windows. It is designed as a replacement for the built-in Notepad application."
"linq-to-entities","6750","This tag is for questions about LINQ to Entities, which means LINQ queries using the ADO.NET Entity Framework. Note that this is different than LINQ to SQL or other LINQ providers.
"
"query-optimization","6740","For questions about making database queries run faster. Please include table and index definitions in your question. Please use additional tags to specify your query language and server maker. Some of these questions may belong on https://DBA.stackexchange.com, especially if they involve reindexing, query plans, etc. "
"jquery-validate","6740","The jQuery Validate plugin is a jQuery plugin by Jörn Zaefferer. Its purpose is to perform client-side form validation of user entered data."
"filtering","6737","In signal processing the complete or partial suppression of some aspect of the signal. Or selecting a subset of some set of data."
"jupyter","6732","Jupyter is a collection of environments and protocols for interactive computing. It supports many languages and kernels, and works with frontends including the web application Jupyter Notebook. Jupyter was split from IPython in 2015, and Jupyter Notebook is based on IPython Notebook. "
"grouping","6717","The process of grouping entities into collections of associated elements."
"console-application","6711","A console application is a computer program designed to be used via a text-only computer interface, such as a text terminal, the command line interface of some operating systems (Unix, DOS, etc.) or the text-based interface included with most Graphical User Interface (GUI) operating systems, such as the Win32 console in Microsoft Windows, the Terminal in Mac OS X, and xterm in Unix. "
"android-volley","6710","Volley is a Google library for Android that makes networking and remote image loading easier and faster."
"xhtml","6708","XHTML is the traditional name for what is now formally called the XML syntax of HTML, as opposed to the more commonly used HTML syntax, both of which are defined by the HTML5 standard. It is a markup language commonly used for HTML pages which are generated using a XML based tool chain. Do NOT use this tag for Facelets. Use [facelets] instead."
"sapui5","6693","This tag 'sapui5' covers both the proprietary (SAPUI5) and the open source (OpenUI5) versions of the framework. When asking about smart controls or Fiori Elements, consider adding [odata] and [sap-fiori] tags accordingly."
"jsoup","6690","Jsoup is a Java HTML parser for extracting and manipulating HTML data, using the best of DOM, CSS, and jQuery-like methods."
"database-connection","6690","A database connection is a facility that allows client software to communicate with database server software, whether on the same machine or not. A connection is required to send commands and receive answers."
"oracle-sqldeveloper","6679","Oracle SQL Developer is a free and fully supported graphical tool for Oracle database development."
"lisp","6670","Lisp is a family of general purpose programming languages, influenced by the lambda calculus, and with the ability to manipulate source code as a data structure."
"scheduled-tasks","6664","A scheduled task is a computer task that is scheduled to happen at a certain time and may repeat."
"ejb","6660","Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) is a managed, server-side component architecture for modular construction of enterprise applications. The EJB specification is one of several [Java] APIs in the [Java EE] specification."
"aes","6656","Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is a cryptographic block cipher algorithm."
"ibm-cloud","6642","IBM® Cloud platform (formerly Bluemix) combines platform as a service (PaaS) with infrastructure as a service (IaaS) to build, run, deploy, and manage applications on the cloud. Additionally, the IBM Cloud platform has a rich catalog of cloud services that can be easily integrated with your applications. Supported programming languages and runtimes include Java, Node.js, Swift, Go, PHP, Python, and Ruby, and other languages. "
"buffer","6613","A buffer is an area of memory set aside for temporary storage of data while it is being moved from one place to another. This is typically done to speed up processes with significant latency, such as writing to a disk, printer or other physical device. The output is ready to be sent to the device before the device is ready to accept it, so it is moved to the buffer so that the sending program does not have to continue waiting."
"android-service","6592","A Service is an application component representing either an application's desire to perform a longer-running operation while not interacting with the user or to supply functionality for other applications to use."
"relational-database","6582","A relational database is a database consisting of relation variables (which are also called *relvars*, *R-tables* or just *tables*). The definition, manipulation and integrity rules of relational databases are based on relational operations equivalent to or similar to the Relational Algebra and Calculus. Relational database principles are the basis of a substantial part of data management theory and practice. "
"conditional","6575","Conditional has various meanings for various languages and probably should be avoided as a tag."
"protocol-buffers","6569","Protocol Buffers is a language-neutral and platform-neutral way of encoding structured data in an efficient yet extensible format. Google uses Protocol Buffers for almost all of its internal RPC protocols and file formats. It is also the default data encoding used by the open source gRPC framework."
"sails.js","6551","Sails.js is a web framework that makes it easy to build custom, enterprise-grade Node.js apps. It is designed to resemble the MVC architecture from frameworks like Ruby on Rails, but with support for the more modern, data-oriented style of web app development."
"angular5","6551","Questions about Angular version 5, the web framework from Google. Use this tag for Angular questions which are specific to only version 5. Use tag Angular for any Angular questions which are not specific to an individual version."
"scrollview","6550","Be sure to use a **platform specific** tag. Use this tag only for the most general questions about scroll views on all platforms. A scroll view is a view that can be scrolled by the user, inside a containing area. One of the basics of all modern UX."
"ascii","6548","A character-encoding scheme based on the ordering of the English alphabet. ASCII stands for American Standard Code for Information Interchange."
"asp.net-core-webapi","6532","Questions about ASP.NET Core web APIs and web apps that are not dependent on MVC Views or Razor Pages"
"lodash","6530","A modern JavaScript utility library delivering modularity, performance, and extras."
"uml","6524","Unified Modeling Language, an object-oriented modeling and specification language used in software engineering.  For questions about user-mode Linux, use the [user-mode-linux] tag."
"css-animations","6508","CSS animations make it possible to animate transitions from one CSS style configuration to another. CSS module describes a way for authors to animate the values of CSS properties over time, using keyframes. The behavior of these keyframe animations can be controlled by specifying their duration, number of repeats, and repeating behavior. "
"accessibility","6504","Accessibility seeks to make an application or website usable by everyone, including people with disabilities such as visual, auditory, ambulatory, or cognitive impairment. *This tag should NOT be used for:* programming that requires ""accessing"" a process in multiple threads, a object in a class, a resource on a network, etc. or responsive design, which deals with serving content to a wide range of devices, unless there are also accessibility concerns. "
"passport.js","6498","Passport.js is authentication middleware for Node.js. Extremely flexible and modular, Passport can be unobtrusively dropped into any Express-based web application. A comprehensive set of strategies support authentication using a username and password, Facebook, Twitter and more."
"overloading","6494","The terms overloading and overloaded may refer to:    - Constructor and method overloading, a type of polymorphism where different functions with the same name are invoked based on the data types of the parameters passed   - Operator overloading, a form of functional or method overloading where the action being overloaded is an operator, such as + or -"
"google-calendar-api","6482","Questions related to interacting programmatically with Google Calendar calendars and events. A language tag should also be included, e.g. [google-apps-script]. Questions about general use of Google Apps should be posted on Web Applications Stack Exchange. "
"uitabbarcontroller","6478","The UITabBarController class implements a specialized view controller that manages a radio-style selection interface. This tab bar interface displays tabs at the bottom of the window for selecting between the different modes and for displaying the views for that mode. This class is generally used as-is but may be subclassed in iOS 6 and later. "
"mpi","6472","MPI is the Message Passing Interface, a library for distributed memory parallel programming and the de facto standard method for using distributed memory clusters for high-performance technical computing.  Questions about using MPI for parallel programming go under this tag; questions on, eg, installation problems with MPI implementations are best tagged with the appropriate implementation-specific tag, eg MPICH or OpenMPI."
"http-status-code-404","6462","The HTTP status code 404 or ""Not Found"" indicates the server could not find the requested file or resource."
"flask-sqlalchemy","6456","Flask-SQLALchemy is an extension for Flask that provides SQLAlchemy support. It is designed to make database manipulation through SQLAlchemy even easier and simpler. It has the same three clause BSD License as Flask."
"processing","6447","Processing is an open source programming language and environment for people who want to create images, animations, interactions, and games."
"azure-cosmosdb","6435","Azure Cosmos DB is a globally distributed database service designed to enable users to elastically and independently scale throughput and storage across any number of geographical regions with a comprehensive SLA. You can develop document, key/value, or graph databases with Cosmos DB using a series of popular APIs and programming models."
"text-files","6432","The TXT file type is primarily associated with 'Text File'. Open in Notepad, WordPad, or many other programs designated as text editors. A true text file will be pure ASCII text with no formatting. "
"chef-infra","6430","Chef Infra (formerly just Chef) is a DevOps tool for scripting server configurations in Ruby (called cookbooks). Questions should pertain to the Ruby portions of coding. General DevOps questions may be asked on https://devops.stackexchange.com"
"mysql-workbench","6429","MySQL Workbench is a visual database design tool that is developed by MySQL. It is the successor application of the DBDesigner4 project."
"httpclient","6426","DO NOT USE - Use [apache-commons-httpclient], [apache-httpclient-4.x], [jetty-httpclient], [java-http-client], [dotnet-httpclient] or [angular-httpclient]"
"png","6412","PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is an image file format designed to store raster graphics. It is associated with "".png"" file extension. Use this tag for questions involving this specific format."
"integration-testing","6410","A form of software testing where individual software modules (or components) are combined and tested as a group. Integration testing happens after unit testing, and before system testing. "
"powerpoint","6403","PowerPoint is a Windows and Macintosh presentation program produced by Microsoft. It is primarily used to create presentations for projection. Due to the flexible nature of its canvas, it is also used for animation, e-learning, web broadcasting, business reporting and kiosk applications."
"awt","6390","The Abstract Window Toolkit (AWT) is Java's original platform-independent windowing, graphics, and user-interface widget toolkit."
"snowflake-cloud-data-platform","6380","Snowflake Cloud Data Platform has a multi-cluster, shared architecture that provides a single location for structured and semi-structured data that can be queried using ANSI SQL. Snowflake is a cloud-agnostic platform with very large scale that supports many different workloads: data warehousing and analytics, data lake, data engineering, secure data sharing, data applications, and data science."
"shader","6379","A shader is a program to perform calculations on geometry or pixel data in computer graphics."
"puppeteer","6377","Puppeteer is a Node.js library which provides a high-level API to control headless Chrome or Chromium over the DevTools Protocol. It can also be configured to use full (non-headless) Chrome or Chromium."
"client-server","6373","DO NOT USE ALONE. The client-server model is a centralized model, in which a server performs a specialized service (such as HTTP, SMTP, etc.) for multiple clients on request. Use for issues regarding client server communication. Use with a appropriate  language tag(eg: [python])."
"sitecore","6367","Use this tag for questions relating to developing within the Sitecore product base. "
"liferay","6366","Liferay is an open source JSR 286 compliant portal and social platform, written in Java. It provides fully functional built-in portlets (60+) and also various integration points to seamlessly integrate with other third-party softwares like Alfresco, Sharepoint etc. Make sure to also tag with the specific version that you're asking about."
"android-camera","6352","The Android framework includes support for various cameras and camera features available on devices, allowing you to capture pictures and videos in your applications."
"aws-api-gateway","6344","Amazon API Gateway is a fully managed service that makes it easy for developers to create, publish, maintain, monitor, and secure APIs at any scale."
"backend","6333","For questions involving the data processing components of a system. These components are typically called to from the user interface or business layer components, rather than interacting directly with the end-user."
"rsa","6333","RSA is a common public key algorithm, which can be used for encryption and signature. It is a core component of most the security protocols used on the Internet, including the SSL/TLS protocol suite.  For questions about IBM Rational Software Architect, use the rational-rsa tag."
"dax","6329","Expression language used in Microsoft Power Pivot, SQL Server Analysis Services Tabular, and Power BI for performing analytical calculations."
"undefined","6326","A variable is undefined if it has not been assigned a value."
"mingw","6323","MinGW (Minimalist GNU for Windows) is a native software port of the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC) and GNU Binutils for use in the development of native Microsoft Windows applications.  Unlike Cygwin, it does not provide a POSIX runtime environment on MS-Windows."
"list-comprehension","6322","A syntactic construct which provides a concise way to create lists in a style similar to the mathematical set-builder notation. Since several languages support list comprehensions, please use this tag in conjunction with the tag of a programming language."
"typeerror","6312","A TypeError is a specific type of error raised when an operation or function is applied to an object of inappropriate type. You might encounter it in Python or JavaScript."
"boto3","6306","Boto 3 - The Amazon Web Services (AWS) SDK for Python"
"gnuplot","6298","Gnuplot is a portable command-line driven graphing utility for linux, OS/2, MS Windows, OSX, VMS, and many other platforms. Use this tag for questions about programmatic use of Gnuplot; debugging interactive usage is off-topic."
"structure","6296","Structure is a fundamental, tangible or intangible notion referring to the recognition, observation, nature, and permanence of patterns and relationships of entities."
"storage","6286","Details on how data is being kept in memory/on disks, most frequently being applied to databases, media banks and backup-recovery solutions."
"fork","6284","The `fork()` function is the Unix/Linux/POSIX way of creating a new process by duplicating the calling process."
"odoo","6283","Odoo is a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and its community version is released under the GNU LGPLv3 license. It is used by more than 7 million users worldwide to manage companies of all different sizes. The main Odoo components are the server, 270 core modules (also called official modules) and around 15000 community modules."
"port","6282","A port is a communication end-point in the context of network communications or an interaction point for inter-component interactions.  Do not use this tag for software ports from one platform or language to another, but use the tag ""porting"" instead. "
"binary-tree","6279","A tree data structure in which each node has at most two child nodes."
"cross-domain","6278","Cross-domain refers to web applications that communicate outside of their hosting domain / web server.  This can be in the form of network requests to other servers or sharing data with DOM components served from different domains composed on the same web page."
"conda","6278","Conda is a package management and environment management system. It is open-source, cross-platform and language-agnostic. Written in Python, conda is included in Miniconda and the Anaconda Python distribution."
"rendering","6268","Rendering refers to a computer program formatting data for display or printing."
"inner-join","6265","A database operation that combines the values of 2 tables based on a condition, or relationship, that exists between those tables."
"coordinates","6249","Refers to a sequence of numbers used to indicate the position of an object relative to an axis. Commonly, refers to a latitude/longitude pair that indicates a geographical position."
"pug","6248","Pug (formerly known as Jade) is a robust, elegant and feature-rich template engine for Node.js."
"sublimetext3","6246","DO NOT USE THIS TAG UNLESS YOUR QUESTION IS SPECIFICALLY ABOUT SUBLIME TEXT ITSELF. Do not tag your IDE or source code editor in questions about unrelated topics.  Sublime Text 3 is a multi-language, multi-platform code editor, developed by Jon Skinner. It has a Python API to allow plugins for augmented functionality."
"google-compute-engine","6246","Google Compute Engine offers scalable and flexible virtual machine computing capabilities in the cloud."
"gem","6235","A Gem refers to a bundled piece of code managed with RubyGems.  Gem is also the name of the command line tool used to manage RubyGems."
"touch","6221","Touch-based interfaces have unique considerations that do not apply to other modes of input, and vice versa."
"interface-builder","6214","Interface Builder is a visual design tool used to create user interfaces for Apple's macOS and iOS platforms."
"webgl","6207","WebGL extends the capability of the HTML canvas element to allow it to render accelerated graphics in any compatible web browser.  **DO NOT TAG QUESTIONS ABOUT 3D LIBRARIES (like THREE.js) WITH THIS TAG** unless the question is specifically about a WebGL API feature. **DO NOT TAG QUESTION ABOUT UNITY WEBGL WITH THIS TAG!!**"
"big-o","6202","The Big-O notation is used to represent asymptotic upper bounds.  It describes relevant time or space complexity of algorithms. Big-O analysis provides a coarse and simplified estimate of a problem difficulty. "
"firebase-storage","6196","Cloud Storage for Firebase (previously called Firebase Storage) gives developers robust, secure uploads and downloads from Firebase SDKs by handling network interrupts and providing an intuitive authorization model. Firebase Storage is backed by Google Cloud Storage, which allows you to scale from prototype to production. "
"subset","6192","A subset consists of those elements selected from a larger set of elements, by their position in the larger set or other features, such as their value."
"avfoundation","6192","The AVFoundation framework provides both Objective-C and Swift interfaces for editing and playing audio-visual media in a Mac OSX or iOS application. Questions using this framework should include this tag."
"cypress","6189","Cypress, an all-in-one testing framework and assertion library for JavaScript, complete with automatic waits, request mocking, and request stubbing"
"karma-jasmine","6180","Karma-Jasmine is an adapter for the Jasmine testing framework,which is shipped with Karma by default."
"devops","6175","This tag is for programming questions about DevOps (""development"" and ""operations""), which is a software development method that stresses communication, collaboration, integration, automation, and measurement of cooperation between software developers and other IT professionals. Non-programming related questions should be asked on the DevOps Stack Exchange site."
"homebrew","6173","Homebrew is a package manager for macOS and Linux that provides an easy interface to install many packages. It has been built to play nicely with your existing system and not interfere with it. It has been built entirely on top of Git and Ruby and is easily customized to suit your needs. Debugging help with Homebrew should at the very least include details of the output of `brew doctor`."
"domain-driven-design","6167","Domain-driven design (DDD) is an approach to developing software for complex needs by deeply connecting the implementation to an evolving model of the core business concepts. Note that conceptual DDD questions are better to be asked at softwareengineering.stackexchange.com."
"textarea","6165","A textarea is an HTML element (tag) used to create a multi-line plain-text editing field."
"pymongo","6156","PyMongo is the official Python driver for MongoDB created and maintained by MongoDB, Inc. Please mention the version of PyMongo you're using."
"vsto","6155","Visual Studio Tools for Office (VSTO) is a set of development tools for creating Office automation solutions (add-in or document customization), using .NET and the Visual Studio IDE."
"javascript-objects","6148","Use this tag for questions related to JavaScript objects."
"version","6147","Version defines an unique state of a computer software or a file."
"jquery-animate","6144","Refers to jQuery's animate() method. For generic graphical animations, see the animation tag."
"xcode6","6140","Xcode 6 is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE). This tag should only be used for questions about Xcode itself, and not for general Mac or iOS programming topics. Use [cocoa] for Mac programming questions, and [cocoa-touch] or [ios] for iOS programming questions."
"uinavigationbar","6137","The UINavigationBar class implements a control for navigating hierarchical content in iOS. It’s a bar, typically displayed at the top of the screen, containing buttons for navigating up and down a hierarchy. The primary properties are a left (back) button, a center title, and an optional right button. You can specify custom views for each of these. The most common way to use a navigation bar is in conjunction with a UINavigationController object"
"java.util.scanner","6136","A simple text scanner in the JDK which can parse primitive types and strings using regular expressions."
"entity","6132","In computer science an entity is an object which has an identity and can be uniquely determined, holds storable information or can be processed. As the term has a very abstract and general meaning prefer to use this tag only in conjunction with other more specific tags."
"heap-memory","6131","The heap is process memory set aside for dynamic allocation."
"osgi","6108","The OSGi (Open Service Gateway Initiative) framework is a module system and service platform for the Java programming language that implements a complete and dynamic component model."
"apache-flink","6102","Apache Flink is an open source platform for scalable batch and stream data processing. Flink supports batch and streaming analytics, in one system. Analytical programs can be written in concise and elegant APIs in Java and Scala."
"ssrs-2008","6094","Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services provides a server-based platform designed to support a wide variety of reporting needs enabling organizations to deliver relevant information where needed. Use with the [reporting-services] and/or [ssrs] tags"
"histogram","6088","In statistics, a histogram is a graphical representation, showing a visual impression of the distribution of data."
"gitlab-ci","6083","GitLab CI is a continuous integration server from GitLab."
"wildfly","6082","WildFly, formerly known as JBoss Application Server, is an open source (LGPL) application server, developed by Redhat, that implements the latest enterprise Java standards."
"c++-cli","6081","C++/CLI is based on C++, modified to allow compilation of a mixture of native code and code for Microsoft's Common Language Infrastructure (CLI). It replaces Microsoft's Managed Extensions for C++, which aimed for stronger C++ conformance."
"google-colaboratory","6072","Google Colaboratory is a research tool for machine learning education and research."
"ibm-mobilefirst","6071","IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation (formerly IBM Worklight Foundation) helps organizations extend their business to mobile devices. It provides a mobile application platform to build, run and manage mobile applications."
"automapper","6065","A convention-based object-to-object mapper and transformer for .NET"
"comments","6055","A comment is a programming language construct used to embed non-compiled, programmer-readable annotations in the source code of a computer program."
"scrollbar","6046","A scrollbar is a graphical user interface element relating to a display which is only partially visible. The scroll bar provides visual feedback on which portion of the element is in view, and the ability to move the view of the main element."
"height","6040","The property which determines the size of an object on the Y-axis.  Please don't use this tag, it has no taxonomic value in your post."
"couchdb","6032","Apache CouchDB is a document-oriented database that can be queried and indexed in a MapReduce fashion. It exposes a pure restful API, making interaction possible from any language with the ability to send HTTP requests. This also allows ""Futon"", the administration interface, to work completely in the browser. It also offers incremental replication with bi-directional conflict detection and resolution."
"robotframework","6022","The Robot Framework is a generic test automation framework for acceptance testing and acceptance test-driven development (ATDD). It is a keyword-driven testing framework that uses tabular test data syntax. The Robot Framework is written in Python."
"swt","6021","SWT: The Standard Widget Toolkit is a user interface library for Java maintained by the Eclipse Foundation. SWT uses native widgets wherever possible to provide a look and feel consistent with the host platform. SWT is a third-party library (not included in the JVM) and applications that rely on it must distribute the appropriate library for each target operating system. Use this tag for questions about developing SWT based applications. "
"editor","6019","This tag is for questions about the features and functionality of text editors, source code editors and other programs specifically designed for modifying plain text files used in computer programming. Questions asking us to recommend or find an editor are strictly off-topic."
"tdd","6011","Test-Driven Development (TDD) involves writing a failing automated test to specify what is to be built. The test is then made to pass by writing code which satisfies the tested condition. Finally, the code is refactored."
"django-queryset","6008","Django querysets are the primary abstraction for retrieving objects from Django's ORM system"
"this","6002","Keyword that refers to the current class instance or object in many object-oriented programming languages."
"task-parallel-library","5990","The Task Parallel Library is part of the .NET Framework since .NET 4. It is a set of APIs to enable developers to program asynchronous applications."
"associations","5987","Associations typically refer to relationships between models in ORMs such as ActiveRecord."
"weblogic","5978","WebLogic Server is a Java EE application server from Oracle. WebLogic Server is the centerpiece of Oracle's Fusion Middleware platform."
"64-bit","5977","A 64-bit architecture is usually a system where addresses (pointers) are 64 bits wide. Sometimes, it can mean a system where the “natural” size for integer computations (the word size) is 64 bits."
"generator","5956","A generator is a generalisation of a subroutine, primarily used to simplify the writing of iterators. The yield statement in a generator does not specify a coroutine to jump to, but rather passes a value back to a parent routine."
"jekyll","5947","Jekyll is a blog-aware, static site generator written in Ruby. Please refer to https://talk.jekyllrb.com before asking your question."
"prepared-statement","5944","A Prepared Statement (or parameterized statement) is a precompiled SQL statement that serves to improve performance and mitigate SQL injection attacks.  Prepared statements are used in many popular Relational Database Management Systems."
"mouseevent","5940","A general tag for user-interface events that are generated by the mouse. This includes pressing/releasing a button, clicking (including double/triple-clicks), moving, dragging, etc."
"ms-access-2010","5939","Microsoft Access 2010 Personal Relational Database Management System."
"teamcity","5932","TeamCity from JetBrains is a continuous integration tool and a distributed Java-based build management system that can be highly beneficial to teams using an agile development approach."
"xmpp","5923","XMPP (Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol) is an open, standard protocol for near-real-time exchange of XML-structured data."
".net-3.5","5923","The 3.5 version of the .NET Framework, which is based on the 2.0 .NET Framework with extra assemblies (including 3.0).   Use for questions specifically related to .NET Framework 3.0.  For questions on .NET Framework generally, use the .net tag."
"alamofire","5921","Alamofire is an HTTP networking library written in Swift."
"vectorization","5909","Vectorization refers to a programming paradigm where functions operate on whole arrays in one go. This affords benefits in terms of function calls, memory access, parallelization and code expressiveness. Some programming languages, such as MATLAB, are optimised to give the best performance when vectorized."
"uri","5908","A Uniform Resource Identifier (or URI) is a string of characters used to identify a name or resource. URI is legacy terminology. In most cases, the term URL should be used instead."
"openmp","5907","OpenMP is a cross-platform multi-threading API which allows fine-grained task parallelization and synchronization using special compiler directives. "
"binary-search-tree","5905","A binary search tree is a data structure which consists of a root node with left and right child nodes. The left node and all of its descendants have smaller values than the root node, while the right node and all of its descendants have larger values than the root node. The children of the root node follow this same pattern. This gives us a tree consisting of ordered elements."
"hyperledger-fabric","5905","Hyperledger Fabric is an implementation of blockchain technology. Use this tag for questions about this project."
"javafx-8","5903","JavaFX 8 (previously named JavaFX 3) introduces a new API for JavaFX technology. JavaFX 8 supports 3D and brings up a Retina-Display Support. It is part of the JDK8."
"vaadin","5889","Use the [vaadin] tag for all posts relating to any use of the Vaadin web application development platform. For posts related to a particular Vaadin topic, such as Flow, Fusion, or a specific component, additionally tag the post with the corresponding tag, for example: [vaadin-flow], [vaadin-fusion], and [vaadin-upload], respectively."
"azure-storage","5887","Microsoft Azure Storage is a highly-scalable, durable, cloud-based storage platform providing four core services: Blobs, Tables, Queues, and Azure Drives."
"excel-2010","5887","The Excel-2010 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2010 spreadsheet application from Microsoft. If your question is about VBA then also tag it VBA. If it is about an Excel formula or worksheet function, then tag it worksheet-function."
"zooming","5883","Zooming is the act of enlarging something (a document, an image, a map) to view it in greater detail. (DO NOT USE for questions about the Zoom communications platform; instead, use [zoom-sdk].)"
"mapbox","5869","Mapbox is a location data platform for mobile and web applications. They provide building blocks to add location-based features such as maps, search, and navigation into any experience you create. "
"adobe","5861","Adobe Systems is a software company headquartered in San Jose, California, USA. It is best known for the technology behind PDF, Photoshop, and Flash."
"metadata","5860","Meta-data provides information about one or more aspects of the data. Meta-data may refer to either structural metadata (data about the containers of data) or descriptive metadata (data about data content)."
"css-position","5853","The ""position"" property in CSS allows you to control the location of an element on the page by setting its value to static (the default setting), relative, absolute, fixed, or sticky."
"css-float","5853","Positioning elements to the left or right of their containers using the CSS float attribute."
"css-transitions","5851","CSS Transitions allows property changes in CSS values to occur smoothly over a specified duration."
"width","5843","The property which determines the size of an object on the X-axis.  The most common form of this measurement is in pixels or millimeters."
"wifi","5841","GENERAL WI-FI SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Questions about hardware support should be directed to https://superuser.com. This tag should be used for questions about writing software that directly interacts with Wi-Fi devices. "
"openerp","5840","Odoo (formerly OpenERP) is a suite of web based open source business apps. Born as an open source ERP, now it has modules for CMS, e-commerce, blog, Q&A and much more. Use this tag for questions regarding Odoo development, including development on the Odoo core, custom addons, and API."
"line","5831","The shortest distance between two points. Or, a row of characters in text output."
"llvm","5823","The LLVM Project is a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies. The llvm tag is mostly for writing C++ code (or another language via the C bindings) to interface with the LLVM library, not about any of the (growing amount of) tools that have LLVM under the hood. See the `llvm-codegen` tag for questions about machine code generated by LLVM."
"common-lisp","5820","Common Lisp is a standardized version of the Lisp programming language intended for production-strength power."
"x86-64","5817","x86-64 is a 64 bit extension to the Intel x86 architecture"
"overflow","5800","Overflow is a CSS property which governs what happens if content overflows its containing box. Do not use this tag for stack buffer overflow bugs and vulnerabilities; use [buffer-overflow] and/or [stack-smash] instead."
"instagram","5791","A free photo sharing program that allows users to take a photo, apply a digital filter to it and then share it on social networking services. "
"cluster-analysis","5789","Cluster analysis is the process of grouping ""similar"" objects into groups known as ""clusters"", along with the analysis of these results."
"java-me","5788","Java Platform, Micro Edition, or Java ME, is a Java platform designed for embedded systems."
"drawing","5783","Issues around forms and graphics being drawn onto a computer screen, windowing system or device"
"nodes","5782","Nodes are the basic units used to build data structures such as linked lists and trees. "
"capybara","5776","Capybara is a web application testing framework for Rack applications, such as Rails, Sinatra and Merb."
"preg-replace","5773","preg_replace() is a PHP function that performs string replacement using regular expressions."
"cross-platform","5771","An attribute conferred to computer software or computing methods and concepts that are implemented and inter-operate on multiple computer platforms."
"html-parsing","5770","HTML parsing is the process of consuming a serialization of an HTML document and producing a representation that you can work with programmatically — e.g., in order to extract data from it. The HTML specification defines a standard algorithm for parsing HTML, which is implemented in all major browsers.  "
"html-lists","5769","Used for ordered and unordered lists and their list items in HTML, and also any list styles applied to them."
"carousel","5767","A rotating display of content that can house a variety of content that usually includes ""next"" and ""previous"" buttons to rotate through the content.  "
"gzip","5758","GZip/gzip is both the name for a compressed data format and any of several software applications implementing this format. Use this tag for questions about implementing the library on your program."
"ejs","5755","""E"" is for ""embedded."" EJS is a simple templating language that lets you generate HTML markup with plain JavaScript. No religiousness about how to organize things. No reinvention of iteration and control-flow. It's just plain JavaScript."
"ios-simulator","5755","The iOS Simulator application presents the iPhone or iPad user interface in a window on the computer to emulate iPhone or iPad devices. This application provides several ways of interacting with it by using the keyboard and mouse to simulate taps, device rotation, and other user actions."
"kibana","5745","Kibana is an application for exploring and visualizing your data. It helps you find and demonstrate trends in your data with tools for searching, creating visualizations, and combining those visualizations to build dashboards."
"app-store-connect","5736","Use this tag for questions related to Apple's App Store Connect. Do not post questions related to needing support and issues with the website. Only post questions related to using AppStore Connect in relation to developing your app."
"profiling","5729","Profiling is the process of measuring an application or system by running an analysis tool called a profiler. Profiling tools can focus on many aspects: functions call times and count, memory usage, cpu load, and resource usage. "
"android-room","5728","For questions related to Android Room Persistence Library (which is a part of Android Architecture Components)"
"combinations","5725","A combination is a selection of objects from a larger collection in no particular order."
"gis","5725","A Geographic Information System (GIS) captures, stores, analyzes, manages, and presents data that are linked to location(s). The GIS Stack Exchange should be considered for questions with this tag."
"underscore.js","5723","Underscore is a utility-belt library for JavaScript that provides a lot of the functional programming support that you would expect in Prototype.js (or Ruby), but without extending any of the built-in JavaScript objects. It's the tie to go along with jQuery's tux. "
"uitextview","5721","The UITextView class implements the behavior for a scrollable, multiline text region in iOS. The class supports the display of text using a custom font, color, and alignment and also supports text editing. You typically use a text view to display multiple lines of text, such as when displaying the body of a large text document. "
"mapkit","5716","MapKit is Apple's framework for presenting and annotating scrollable and zoom-enabled maps on iOS, IPadOS, tvOS, watchOS, and macOS."
"vhdl","5714","VHDL (VHSIC Hardware Description Language) is a language used in electronic design to describe digital systems such as FPGA (field-programmable gate arrays) and IC (integrated circuits)."
"lstm","5711","Long short-term memory.  A neural network (NN) architecture that contains recurrent NN blocks that can remember a value for an arbitrary length of time. A very popular building block for deep NN. "
"swift4","5696","Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 4 of Apple's Swift programming language. Use the tag [swift] for more general language questions, or the tags [ios], [cocoa], [apple-watch] etc. for questions about developing on Apple platforms."
"subdomain","5696","Subdomain is a domain which is a part of a larger domain. For example, 'sub.example.com' is subdomain of 'example.com' domain."
"field","5694","In computer science a field is a smaller piece of data from a larger collection."
"ms-office","5694","Microsoft Office is a proprietary collection of desktop applications intended to be used by knowledge workers for Windows and Macintosh computers. If your question relates to a specific desktop application use that application tag instead."
"background-image","5678","The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images for an element."
"oracle-apex","5678","Oracle Application Express (Oracle APEX) is a rapid Web application development tool that lets you share data and create applications. Using only a Web browser and limited programming experience, you can develop and deploy applications that are fast and secure."
"pyinstaller","5676","PyInstaller is a multi-platform tool designed to convert Python (.py) files into stand-alone executable files on Windows, Linux, macOS, Solaris, and AIX.  "
"android-manifest","5674","The manifest presents essential information about the application to the Android system"
"android-widget","5672","Either relates to Home Screen widgets, or to general UI elements used on an Android Application screen."
"virtualbox","5667","[Notice: Only programming-related questions are on-topic] Oracle VM VirtualBox is an x86 virtualization software package, now developed by Oracle Corporation "
"maven-2","5664","Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool. This is a tag for Maven related questions that are specific to Maven versions 2.x."
"directx","5661","DirectX is a collection of APIs for handling tasks related to multimedia, especially 3D graphics and game programming and video, on Microsoft platforms."
"exec","5658","This tag refers to the starting of another, subsidiary program. It is named after the family of POSIX system calls whose name starts with “exec” (notably “execve”) though similar concepts exist on other platforms as well, especially when combined with the starting up of another process."
"ionic4","5656","Ionic 4 is the newer version of Ionic, the open source SDK that enables developers to build performant, high-quality mobile apps using familiar web technologies (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript). Ionic 4 can be paired with Angular, React and Vue."
"toggle","5646","To toggle a boolean variable is to switch it to its opposite state. If it is on, switch it off; if it is off, switch it on. In a desktop or web user interface, a toggle may be clickable switch or button that alternates the state of something in the application."
"aws-sdk","5646","The software development kit for use with the Amazon Web Services API."
"posix","5642","POSIX (Portable Operating System Interface) is a set of standards defining programming APIs, a command interpreter, and common utilities for Unix-like operating systems."
"textures","5636","Textures are series of images used in computer graphics to associate locations on a visible surface with varying values. This association is typically done by mapping locations on the texture (usually two-dimensional, but other dimensions and types of textures exist) to locations on the rendered surface. Filtering is often used to smooth away aliasing when sampling values from the texture, usually involving multiple images within a texture called mipmaps."
"driver","5636","Device driver or software driver is a computer program allowing higher-level computer programs to interact with a hardware device. This tag should only be used for questions related to driver development, as questions about finding or installing drivers are off-topic for Stack Overflow."
"xslt-1.0","5635","Use this tag for questions specific to XSL Transformations version 1.0 and no other version."
"pyqt4","5633","PyQt is a set of Python bindings for Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux."
"unique","5626","Refers to an element that is distinctly different from any other element in a collection."
"activemq","5623","Apache ActiveMQ is an open source (Apache 2.0 licensed) message broker which fully implements the Java Message Service 1.1 (JMS). It provides ""Enterprise Features"" like clustering, multiple message stores, and ability to use any database as a JMS persistence provider besides VM, cache, and journal persistency."
"navigation-drawer","5620","Navigation Drawer in a mobile application is the side panel which slides out from the edge of the screen and displays the navigation menu of the application. Use this tag for programming questions related to navigation drawers only. General UX questions and other opinion based questions related to navigation drawers are not on topic for Stack Overflow. "
"linear-regression","5619","for issues related to linear regression modelling approach"
"prestashop","5610","PrestaShop is a free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, Symfony and MySQL."
"chat","5608","Generic term for ""Instant Messaging System"". It can also represent a discussion that occurs in an Instant Messaging System."
"python-3.6","5601","Version of the Python programming language released in December 2016. For issues specific to Python 3.6. Use more generic [python] and [python-3.x] tags where possible."
"win-universal-app","5600","Windows Universal apps target multiple types of devices via a single codebase.  Please specify with other tags if you refer to Windows 8.1 or Windows 10."
"amazon-cognito","5598","Amazon Cognito is a simple user identity and data synchronization service that helps securely manage and synchronize mobile app data. "
"extjs4","5594","Please use this tag in relation to ExtJS 4.0 - 4.2; Ext JS 4 is the fourth major version of the JavaScript library for building Rich Internet Applications (RIA), and now includes an MVC architecture without the need to use plugins. Sencha has already released ExtJS 4.1 which has some significant changes compared to the last stable 4.0.7 release."
"interop","5594","Interoperability is a requirement for one computer system or programming language to work with another."
"dropdown","5593","Dropdowns are toggleable, contextual overlays for displaying lists of links and more."
"python-asyncio","5579","This tag is to be used for the asyncio Python package which provides mechanisms for writing single-threaded concurrent code. The asyncio package provides asynchronous I/O, event loop, coroutines and tasks beginning with Python 3.4."
"android-alertdialog","5572","A subclass of Dialog that can display one, two or three buttons. If you only want to display a String in this dialog box, use the setMessage() method."
"google-kubernetes-engine","5569","Google Kubernetes Engine (formerly known as Container Engine) takes care of provisioning and maintaining the underlying virtual machine cluster, scaling your application, and operational logistics like logging, monitoring, and health management."
"wpf-controls","5555","WPF controls include UserControls, which are composite collections of other controls, and CustomControls, which are controls built with WPF styles and templates."
"echo","5548","Simple function outputting text. Exists in script languages."
"httpwebrequest","5546","HttpWebRequest is a concrete class for .NET Framework applications that provides an HTTP-specific implementation of the abstract WebRequest class. Related tag: [webrequest]."
"sparql","5545","SPARQL (pronounced ""sparkle"", a recursive acronym for SPARQL Protocol and RDF Query Language) is a set of specifications by W3C that provide languages and protocols to query and manipulate RDF graph content on the Web or in an RDF store."
"verilog","5542","Verilog is a hardware description language (HDL) used to model electronic systems. It is most commonly used in the design, verification, and implementation of digital logic chips. "
"config","5541","Config files configure the initial settings for some computer programs"
"cordova-plugins","5541","A Cordova plugin bridges a bit of functionality between the WebView powering a Cordova application and the native platform the Cordova application is running on. Plugins are composed of a single JavaScript interface used across all platforms, and native implementations following platform-specific Plugin interfaces that the JavaScript will call into."
"backup","5533","The act of saving one's files, data, applications, etc. to secondary media, allowing for the recovery of the files, data, applications, etc. in the event that the primary media becomes unavailable (fails). Also the secondary media used for storage."
"internet-explorer-11","5532","Internet Explorer 11 (IE11) is the successor to Internet Explorer 10. It was officially released on 17 October 2013 for Windows 8.1 and on 7 November 2013 for Windows 7.  Microsoft apps and services to end support for Internet Explorer 11 November 30, 2020 - September 30, 2021."
"c-preprocessor","5531","A textual macro processor applied before compiling C and C++ language programs. This tag can also be used for questions about other compilers/languages derived from or that have identical features, such as the #directives in Objective-C or C#."
"lazy-loading","5519","For programming questions about ""lazy loading"", a design pattern that defers initialization of an  object until the point at which it is needed."
"tomcat7","5515","Version 7.x (June 2010) of the Apache Tomcat servlet container. Use only if your question is specifically related to features of this version."
"response","5504","A response is a general term for a message which is sent as an answer for previously made request."
"border","5498","A border is a graphical user interface construct that is used to surround and/or highlight something that is contained within."
"slice","5487","A slice is a representation of a part of a sequence, usually defined by a reference to the underlying sequence, an index giving the starting position, a length or end position, and optionally a ""stride"" or ""step"" value.  Please use the tags ""object-slicing"" for the slicing problem in C++ and ""program-slicing"" for the analysis technique."
"eclipse-rcp","5484","For questions about the Eclipse Rich Client Platform which is a generic Java platform for running applications. It provides the basic blocks for building rich client application using the OSGi framework."
"racket","5482","Racket is an extensible multi-paradigm programming language in the Lisp/Scheme family."
"ocr","5477","Optical Character Recognition, usually abbreviated to OCR, is the mechanical or electronic translation of scanned images of handwritten, typewritten or printed text into machine-encoded text.  The following topics, although some being distinct fields of application, are also commonly referred to as OCR: Handwritten Text Recognition (HTR), Optical Word Recognition (OWR), Intelligent Character Recognition (ICR), Intelligent Word Recognition (IWR)."
"jstl","5477","JSTL (JSP Standard Tag Library) is a JSP based standard tag library which offers tags to control the flow in the JSP page, date/number formatting and internationalization facilities and several utility EL functions. "
"ssas","5476","SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) is part of Microsoft's SQL Server system.  It provides Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) and Data Mining functionality. Not to be confused with Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets (SASS)."
"transform","5475","Coordinate and other transformations. You probably want a more specific tag like [css-transforms]."
"ember-data","5468","ember-data is a data persistence extension for the Ember.js framework."
"fluent-nhibernate","5467","Fluent NHibernate lets you write NHibernate mappings in strongly typed C# code. This allows for easy refactoring, improved readability and more concise code."
"warnings","5465","A warning is often issued on recognizing a potential high-risk situation, a probable misunderstanding, degraded service or imminent failure."
"opencl","5463","OpenCL (Open Computing Language) is a framework for writing programs that execute across heterogeneous platforms consisting of CPUs, GPUs, and other processors."
"android-animation","5457","Animations can be integrated into Android apps, either with XML in traditional View layouts or with Kotlin/Java in both traditional and Jetpack Compose layouts."
"keycloak","5448","Integrated Single Sign On (SSO) and Identity Manager (IDM) for browser apps and RESTful web services.  Built on top of JBoss / Wildfly, it complies with OAuth 2.0, Open ID Connect, (OIDC) JSON Web Token (JWT) and SAML 2.0 specifications."
"listener","5442","An object that reacts to an event that it is 'listening' for."
"xcode4","5439","Xcode 4, released in June 2011, is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE) for Mac OS X and iOS. This tag should only be used for questions about this specific version of Xcode, and not for general Mac or iOS programming topics. Use [cocoa] for Mac programming questions, or [cocoa-touch] for iOS (formerly iPhone OS) programming questions."
"mips","5438","MIPS is a RISC instruction set architecture (ISA).  It is commonly used in embedded devices such as set top boxes and networking gear. Many university-level computer architecture classes use the MIPS ISA due to its relative simplicity."
"amazon-rds","5435","Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) is a web service that makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud."
"navbar","5417","The portion of HTML and XML that deals directly with page navigation"
"hosting","5410","Hosting refers to the commercial service offered by companies that let you run websites using their servers. Questions about server technology should be asked at serverfault.com and more general questions should be asked at webmasters.stackexchange.com."
"wamp","5409","WAMP refers to a web development software stack utilizing Windows, Apache Web Server, MySQL database, and the PHP programming language. Compare with LAMP."
"dialogflow-es","5407","Dialogflow ES is the ""classic"" version of Dialogflow from Google, providing a Natural Language Understanding system you can integrate with  your programs, and allowing you to build simple conversational agents or chatbots for a variety of platforms using an API or web-based UI.  For the more complicated flow-based tool from Google, see the dialogflow-cx tag.  For specific issues writing webhook fulfillments, see the dialogflow-es-fulfillment tag."
"cxf","5404","Apache CXF helps you build and develop services using frontend programming APIs, like JAX-WS and JAX-RS. These services can speak a variety of protocols such as SOAP, XML/HTTP, RESTful HTTP, or CORBA and work over a variety of transports such as HTTP, JMS or JBI."
"laravel-8","5403","Laravel 8 is the current stable version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on September 8, 2020. Please use the [laravel] tag for general Laravel-related questions."
"formula","5397","A formula is a mathematical equation or expression that performs various operations on variables to produce an outcome."
"xpages","5394","XPages is IBM's web and mobile application development platform for collaborative and social applications built on top of the IBM Domino and IBM XWork Server platforms."
"signal-processing","5380","AKA digital signal processing (DSP). A signal is an information-carrying changing attribute of an entity, but in the digital sense, 'signal' refers to either received or transmitted streams/blocks of data, commonly representing real-world quantities such as audio levels, luminosity, pressure etc over time or distance. 'Processing' is the act of altering, analyzing or characterizing the data to retrieve/modify information inherent in the signal in question."
"jira","5369","Questions tagged with [jira] should be related to interacting with Jira programmatically."
"mqtt","5364","Message queuing telemetry transport, or MQTT, is a publish/subscribe messaging protocol designed to minimize network bandwidth usage and device resource requirements. Client and server implementations exist in a wide variety of languages."
"docusignapi","5362","This tag can be used for programming related questions which may involve implementation of DocuSign technologies. Questions that do not involve programming are not on-topic.  DocuSign System of Agreement products include eSignature, Click, Notary, CLM (contract lifecycle management), Rooms, and more."
"titanium","5356","Titanium is a JavaScript-based SDK allowing developers to create native iOS and Android  applications."
"spark-streaming","5348","Spark Streaming is an extension of the core Apache Spark API that enables high-throughput, fault-tolerant stream processing of live data streams. From the version 1.3.0, it supports exactly-once processing semantics, even in face of failures."
"nsarray","5347","An immutable, integer-indexed array of objects from the Apple Foundation framework. "
"sinatra","5343","Sinatra is a Domain Specific Language (DSL) for quickly creating web applications in Ruby with minimal effort. It is an alternative to other Ruby web application frameworks such as Ruby on Rails, Nitro, Camping, and Rango."
"protocols","5343","A common means for (un)related objects to communicate with each other."
"hook","5343","A hook refers to replacing or extending a system or application's default behavior with a custom behavior for a specific event.  For keyboard hooks prefer the tag [keyhook].  For git related hooking use the tag [githooks] alone.  For hooking web services use the tag [webhooks] instead. For React hooks use tag[react-hooks]."
"sequence","5339","A sequence is an ordered list of objects (or events). Like a set, it contains members (also called elements or terms), and the number of terms (possibly infinite) is called the length of the sequence. Unlike a set, order matters, and exactly the same elements can appear multiple times at different positions in the sequence.  In a relational database, a sequence is an object that is used to generate unique numbers for a primary key."
"preg-match","5326","Regular expression pattern matching function for the PHP programming language"
"nsmutablearray","5320","NSMutableArray represents a modifiable (mutable) array object for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch. It is Available in OS X v10.0 and later "
"vue-router","5318","Vue Router is a routing library for single-page applications designed for use with the Vue.js framework."
"apply","5301","A function to call another function with a list of arguments."
"qt4","5299","Questions specifically relating to the deprecated version 4.x.x of the Qt C++ GUI library. If your question applies to the current major version of Qt, use the tag [qt]."
"opencart","5297","Free open source shopping cart system written in PHP and based on MVC architecture. Questions regarding third party extensions, templates, or how to do what in administration should not be asked here - use the developer's support, OpenCart support team or OpenCart forums for this kind of question."
"eslint","5292","The pluggable linting utility for JavaScript and related frameworks."
"ruby-on-rails-3.1","5291","Ruby on Rails version 3.1.0 is a specific version of Ruby on Rails. It was released on  August 30th, 2011. Use this tag for issues related to development in Ruby on Rails version 3.1."
"fancybox","5276","FancyBox is a tool that offers a nice and elegant way to add zooming functionality for images, html content and multi-media on your webpages."
"gatsby","5275","Gatsby is a free and open source framework based on React that helps developers build blazing fast websites and apps"
"moq","5261","Moq is a strongly typed and minimalistic mocking framework for .NET."
"prototype","5261","In prototype-based languages, the prototype of an object is a set of properties which is inherited by all objects which are based on this object. Not to be confused with [function-prototype], [prototype-js], [prototype-pattern], [prototype-scope] or [prototypejs]; see the full info for details."
"extract","5259","Questions related to retrieving specific information from a (typically minimally structured) data source, such as a web site, media file, source code collection or compressed archive (in which case the desired information is one or more original, uncompressed files). When using this tag, please include additional tags to clarify which specific environment/language/scenario your question refers to."
"cluster-computing","5254","A computer cluster is a set of connected systems that work together so that in many respects they can be viewed as a single system. "
"phpmailer","5247","PHPMailer is an email creation and sending class for PHP. PHPMailer is designed to communicate directly with other servers, unlike PHP's native `mail()` function."
"facebook-javascript-sdk","5247","Facebook's JavaScript SDK provides a rich set of client-side functionality for accessing Facebook's server-side API calls. It can collaborate with any SDK like PHP, C#, Java, android, ios, etc "
"average","5240","In mathematics, an average is a measure of the ""middle"" or ""typical"" value of a data set. Different types of averages include the arithmetic mean, the median, and the mode."
"node-modules","5235","Node.js has a simple module loading system that reduces complexity of applications and promotes code reusability."
"blockchain","5235","A blockchain is an open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties in a verifiable and permanent way. The ledger itself can also be programmed to trigger transactions automatically."
"angular7","5231","Questions about Angular version 7, the web framework from Google. Use this tag for Angular questions which are specific to only version 7. Use tag Angular for any Angular questions which are not specific to an individual version. "
"bundle","5223","Bundles are a group of resources. "
"tableau-api","5213","For software development questions related to the use of developer API for Tableau Software, a family of interactive data visualization products"
"push","5212","In distributed version control, push is the action of sending local changes to a remote repository."
"relationship","5210","Questions in this tag typically involve the association that a set of data has with other set(s) of data."
"codeigniter-3","5204","For questions specific to the 3rd release of CodeIgniter, which is an Application Development Framework (a toolkit) designed for people who build websites using PHP. If your problem isn't specific to this version, use just [codeigniter]."
"silverlight-4.0","5196","Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications. The version 4 was released in April 2010."
"submit","5196","Refers to the action of sending data to a specific destination. "
"asp.net-ajax","5187","A set of extensions to ASP.NET developed by Microsoft for implementing Ajax functionality."
"apache-pig","5187","Apache Pig is a platform for analyzing large data sets that consists of a high-level language for expressing data analysis programs, coupled with infrastructure for evaluating these programs. The salient property of Pig programs is that their structure is amenable to substantial parallelization which enables them to handle very large data sets. "
"keyboard-shortcuts","5186","Keyboard shortcuts provide quick access to application or system actions via combinatorial key presses."
"branch","5182","A ""branch"" is a term used in version control systems to represent an independent line of development. Depending on the system, a repository can contain one or more branches. Branches are merged when changes need to propagate from one branch into another."
"reactive-programming","5173","Reactive Programming is a programming paradigm oriented around data flows and the propagation of change."
"etl","5169","ETL is an acronym for Extract, Transform, and Load. It refers to a process of extracting data from source systems, transforming the data in some way (manipulating it, filtering it, combining it with other sources), and finally loading the transformed data to target system(s)."
"python-import","5165","For questions about importing modules in Python"
"hashtable","5154","A hash table in programming is a collection that uses a hash function to map identifying values (keys) to their associated values."
"cgi","5151","1) The Common Gateway Interface is a standard defining how web server software can delegate web page generation to a stand-alone application or executable file. 2) Computer Generated Imagery"
"networkx","5149","NetworkX is a Python package for the creation, manipulation, and study of the structure, dynamics, and functions of complex networks. Use this tag for questions about how to install or use the package, for clarification on any of its methods, or for help with algorithms written with it.  Do not use this tag for questions related to troubleshooting computer network connectivity."
"zurb-foundation","5148","Foundation is a cross-device CSS framework, maintained by ZURB, for building both prototypes and production code."
"memcached","5148","Memcached is a simple distributed object cache that caches information in memory, and can be used to improve the performance of dynamic web applications by reducing access time and database load.  "
"font-awesome","5143","Font Awesome is an iconic standalone vector font, initially developed for use with the Twitter Bootstrap front-end framework. "
"servicestack","5138","ServiceStack is Fast, Simple and Versatile message-based Web Services and MQ Framework for .NET and .NET Core"
"refresh","5136","The periodic energizing required to maintain the contents of computer memory, screen, etc. It can refer also to the update of a display to show the latest version of the data."
"multiple-columns","5123","Multiple-columns are when text is split into a number of parallel text columns, rather than one column of text. For CSS Multicolumn layout, use the [css-multicolumn-layout] tag."
"dynamic-programming","5107","Dynamic programming is an algorithmic technique for efficiently solving problems with a recursive structure containing many overlapping subproblems. Do not use this tag for general ""dynamic"" behavior in code."
"settings","5104","Settings may refer to the tweaking which can be used to help improve the user-experience or performance etc."
"segue","5103","In iOS and Mac OSX, segue is a configurable object which specifies a transition from one scene to another."
"e-commerce","5094","Electronic commerce, commonly known as e-commerce, eCommerce or e-comm, refers to the buying and selling of products or services over electronic systems such as the Internet."
"instance","5090","In object-oriented programming an instance is an occurrence or a copy of an object, whether currently executing or not."
"lxml","5087","lxml is a full-featured, high performance Python library for processing XML and HTML."
"spinner","5087","Spinner is a widget that allows the user to select an item from a group, like a dropdown list."
"aggregate-functions","5084","Aggregate functions are a subset of SQL functions that compute a single value from multiple input rows, mostly used in `SELECT` queries with a `GROUP BY` clause. Practically all modern RDBMS feature aggregate functions.    Typical examples include `COUNT()`, `SUM()`, `MIN()`, `MAX()`, and `AVG()`.  "
"identityserver4","5084","OpenID Connect Provider and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server Framework based on ASP.NET Core"
"google-maps-markers","5068","Markers identify locations on the map. By default, they use a standard icon, though you can set a custom icon. Markers are designed to be interactive and are often used within event listeners to bring up info windows."
"jakarta-mail","5066","A Java API to send and receive emails. Jakarta Mail (previously JavaMail) is part of Jakarta EE (previously Java EE), but can also be used in Java SE via a separate download."
"rounding","5052","Rounding a numerical value means replacing it by another value that is approximately equal but has a shorter, simpler, or more explicit representation."
"exe","5045","EXE is a common filename extension for an executable file (a program) in Microsoft Windows and other operating systems (e.g. DOS, OpenVMS, Symbian, and OS/2)."
"create-react-app","5045","create-react-app is a starter-kit for creating React applications with no build configuration. If you’re getting started with React, use this to automate the build of your application. There isn't any configuration file, and react-scripts is the only extra build dependency in your package.json file. Your environment will have everything you need to build a modern React application."
"maven-3","5044","Apache Maven is a tool for project management and build automation. This tag is for questions relating to Maven version 3.x.  For non version-specific questions, please use the [maven] tag."
"speech-recognition","5040","Speech recognition (SR) is the inter-disciplinary sub-field of computational linguistics which incorporates knowledge and research in the linguistics, computer science, and electrical engineering fields to develop methodologies and technologies that enables the recognition and translation of spoken language into text by computers and computerized devices such as those categorized as smart technologies and robotics"
"octave","5040","GNU Octave is a free and open-source mathematical software package and scripting language. The scripting language is intended to be compatible with MATLAB, but the two packages are not interchangeable. Don’t use both the [matlab] and [octave] tags, unless the question is explicitly about the similarities or differences between the two."
"tensorflow2.0","5039","Use this tag when asking about TensorFlow 2.0. You may consider using the [tag: tf.keras] tag for questions specific to that API."
"teradata","5037","Teradata is a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS), capable of supporting many concurrent users from various client platforms. Teradata is compatible with the ANSI standard and built completely on parallel architecture. "
"union","5026","Use this tag only for questions about UNION, a keyword of the SQL language for combining the results of multiple SQL queries. Use [union-all] for the UNION-ALL keyword. Use the tag [unions] for unions in C, C++, and similar languages."
"xquery","5024","XQuery is a functional language designed to query and manipulate XML data. It is a superset of XPath, to which it adds features such as the creation of new nodes and more powerful FLWOR expressions. Although it shares its data model with XSLT, XQuery is optimized for querying rather than transforming data, and as such it has a different design inspired by SQL."
"webstorm","5020","WebStorm is a commercial IDE built by JetBrains for editing JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. It is built on the IntelliJ IDEA platform."
"fft","5015","FFT is short for fast Fourier transform, any of a set of algorithms for quickly computing the discrete Fourier transform (DFT)."
"ethereum","5010","Ethereum is a blockchain currency (like Bitcoin) with a public ledger. Questions should relate to programming. General questions about Ethereum should be asked on https://ethereum.stackexchange.com"
"user-input","5001","User Input is data that the user inputs into the program.  It generally takes the form of a String, but may also be an integer, floating-point number, etc."
"workflow","4987","Workflow is an orchestrated and repeatable pattern of business activity, enabling data transformation, service provision, and information retrieval."
"mkmapview","4985","MKMapView is part of Apple's MapKit framework for developing location-aware iOS applications, and provides an embeddable map interface. Effective iOS 6, the MapKit framework uses Apple's own map service. In iOS 5.1 and earlier, the framework uses the Google Mobile Maps service."
"single-page-application","4983","A single-page application (SPA) is a web application that fits on a single web page with the goal of providing a more fluid user experience akin to a desktop application."
"zsh","4980","The Z shell (Zsh) is a Unix shell that can be used as an interactive login shell and as a powerful command interpreter for shell scripting."
"integration","4971","The process of linking together different computing systems and software applications physically or functionally, to act as a coordinated whole. For numerical integration problem, please use tag [numerical-integration]."
"persistence","4970","Persistence in computer programming refers to the capability of saving data outside the application memory."
"eclipselink","4960","EclipseLink delivers a comprehensive open-source Java persistence solution. EclipseLink focuses on standards (JPA, JAXB, SDO) with advanced features, performance and scalability for enterprise software developers across data sources, formats, and containers. "
"ubuntu-16.04","4959","Ubuntu 16.04 (Xenial Xerus) is a long term support release, available from 21st of April 2016. Questions should be related to writing or running programs under Ubuntu. General Ubuntu questions should be asked on https://askubuntu.com"
"knitr","4956","knitr is an R package for dynamic report generation based on the concept of literate programming."
"visualization","4954","Visualization is any technique for creating images, diagrams, or animations to communicate a message."
"linq-to-xml","4954","LINQ-to-XML provides a SQL-like query experience for navigating, parsing, and aggregating data stored in XML documents."
"locale","4950","In computing, locale is a set of parameters that defines the user's language, country and any special variant preferences that the user wants to see in their user interface. Usually a locale identifier consists of at least a language identifier and a region identifier."
"react-router-dom","4945","Use this tag for questions regarding DOM use and bindings of React Router v4, v5, and v6."
"javascript-events","4939","DO NOT USE THIS TAG! JavaScript has no event constructs. Use [dom-events], [jquery-events], [backbone-events];  or library/environment + [events] e.g. [node.js]+[events]"
"hql","4936","Use this tag for questions concerning ""Hibernate Query Language"" (HQL), a query language used by Hibernate and NHibernate. Use the tag [hiveql] for questions about Hive Query Language."
"rename","4928","For anything regarding renaming. Could be applicable to a wide range of subjects. Should be replaced by a more domain-specific tag if applicable."
"css-grid","4921","CSS Grid Layout is a W3C technology that allows for the creation of grids. It eliminates the need to use floats, tables, absolute positioning and even flexbox for building all sorts of grids, from simple to complex. Do not use this tag for CSS grid systems in general."
"jq","4916","jq is a sed-like tool for JSON data – you can use it to slice, filter, map, and transform structured data with the same ease that sed, awk, grep and friends lets you play with text."
"adapter","4909","Use this tag for questions relating to the Adapter design pattern, one of the Gang of Four's structural design patterns. Also consider using the [design-patterns] tag and a programming language tag if applicable."
"google-places-api","4907","The Google Places API is a service that returns information about places using HTTP requests. Places are defined within this API as establishments, geographic locations, or prominent points of interest."
"settimeout","4904","setTimeout is a global JavaScript method, used to execute a particular function or piece of code after a given delay."
"counter","4904","A Counter is a container(/bag/multiset/etc.) that keeps track of how many times equivalent values are added."
"abstract-class","4900","Abstract classes are classes which cannot be instantiated. They exist to provide common functionality and interface specifications to several concrete classes."
"cpanel","4898","Only PROGRAMMING related questions are on-topic. General configuration questions are off-topic. cPanel is a graphical control panel for configuring some Linux-based web hosting."
"load-balancing","4893","The term load balancing is used to describe technology that is used to evenly distribute work across multiple nodes within a network."
"code-coverage","4884","""Code coverage"" (synonym: test coverage) is a measure of the amount of application source code that has been exercised, usually by some testing regime, often by unit testing."
"grpc","4881","A general RPC (Remote Procedure Call) framework over HTTP/2, initially developed at Google. gRPC is a language neutral and platform neutral framework that allows users to write applications where independent services can work with each other as if they were native.  It uses Protocol Buffers as the interface description language."
"url-routing","4880","URL routing is the process of mapping a URL to its content."
"ubuntu-14.04","4879","Ubuntu 14.04 is a support release of the Ubuntu Linux distribution. Use this tag only for questions that are specific to Ubuntu 14.04. If your question applies to other versions of Ubuntu, use [ubuntu] instead. If your question applies to other distributions of Linux, use [linux] instead."
"javafx-2","4870","OUTDATED - DO NOT USE FOR GENERAL JAVAFX QUESTIONS! JavaFX 2 provides a Java-based UI platform for creating standalone or browser-based Rich Client Applications. Its Java API enables Java developers to leverage existing skills and tools. The next version - JavaFX-8 was released March 18, 2014."
"android-linearlayout","4866","LinearLayout is one of the basic layouts in Android. It arranges its children one after the another, either horizontally or vertically."
"parent-child","4862","A relationship between entities in which one acts in a major role and the other in a minor role. Also an inheritance relationship paradigm."
"sharepoint-2013","4858","Microsoft SharePoint version 2013"
"permutation","4852","A permutation is an arrangement of objects into a particular order."
"tortoisesvn","4835","TortoiseSVN is a Subversion client for Windows, implemented as a shell extension."
"nsdate","4832","NSDate objects represent a single point in time. NSDate is a class cluster; its single public superclass, NSDate, declares the programmatic interface for specific and relative time values. The objects you create using NSDate are referred to as date objects. They are immutable objects. Because of the nature of class clusters, objects returned by the NSDate class are instances not of that abstract class but of one of its private subclasses. "
"es6-promise","4823","An ES6 Promise is an ECMAScript 2015 object that represents an in-progress asynchronous operation"
"distinct","4819","The DISTINCT keyword is used to remove duplicate values from a result of a SQL or SPARQL query."
"where-clause","4816","A syntactic form in functional languages used to bind a value to a name in a local scope.  Similar, but not identical to, let."
"href","4815","Hyperlink (or link) is a reference to a document that the reader can directly follow, or that is followed automatically."
"jbutton","4809","A JButton is a common button in Java Swing."
"magento2","4806","Magento 2 is an eCommerce R&D project facilitating the improvement of Magento Core products. Written in PHP-Zend Framework. Available under both open-source and commercial licenses."
"cell","4801","A cell is an atomic element within a structure composed of columns and/or rows, such as a table or grid. For questions regarding cell arrays in MATLAB, the tag [cell-array] should be used."
"product","4801","A product is a good that can be bought or sold. Use this tag to refer to products in an economic or commercial sense only. For the mathematical notion of product, use tag [multiplication] instead."
"prometheus","4796","The Prometheus monitoring system, including the server, alertmanager, push gateway, exporters, client libraries and other components."
"resharper","4780","ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio versions since 2003."
"newline","4778","Newline refers to a character sequence representing a line break in text (also known as End of Line, EOL, or Line Break). Different operating systems have different sequences for newlines."
"android-notifications","4777","A status notification adds an icon to the system's status bar (with an optional ticker-text message) and a notification message in the notifications window."
"special-characters","4769","Special characters (as they apply to programming) are language-specific reserved characters or symbols used to accomplish a specific task (e.g. wildcard characters, data type indicators, escape characters, etc)."
"aem","4767","The Adobe Experience Manager is a large-scale web content management system that is currently available from Adobe Systems. It is the successor brand name of a previous product called Communiqué (short: CQ)."
"anchor","4764","An anchor (<a>...</a>) is a HTML element used to define the link between the current element (the anchor) and the destination (URI)."
"cython","4762","Cython is a superset of the Python language for quickly generating Python C extensions."
"vscode-settings","4762","Visual Studio Code User or Workspace Settings provide a way of override default settings in order to customise the development experience."
"netty","4757","An open source asynchronous event-driven network application framework written in Java. It is a NIO client server framework which enables quick and easy development of network applications such as protocol servers and clients"
"action","4747","An Action is a response of the program on occurrence detected by the program that may be handled by the program events."
"sencha-touch","4744","Sencha Touch is a multi mobile device JavaScript library based on HTML5 and the Model, View, Controller pattern.  It is a product of Sencha Inc."
"jpeg","4741","JPEG is a commonly used method of lossy compression for digital photography (image). "
"sftp","4733","GENERAL SFTP SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com. SSH File Transfer Protocol, a network protocol designed to provide secure file transfer and manipulation facilities over SSH (Secure Shell protocol)."
"rails-activerecord","4730","The implementation of object-relational mapping (ORM) using the Active Record pattern in the Ruby on Rails framework."
"angular8","4730","Questions about Angular version 8, the web framework from Google. Use this tag for Angular questions which are specific to only version 8. Use tag Angular for any Angular questions which are not specific to an individual version."
"hiveql","4728","Variant of SQL used in the Apache Hive data warehouse infrastructure.  Use this tag for questions related to the Hive Query Language including HiveQL syntax and HiveQL-specific functions."
"render","4727","Rendering is the process of generating an image from a model (or models in what collectively could be called a scene file), by means of computer programs."
"jquery-select2","4724","Select2 is a jQuery-based replacement for select boxes. It supports searching, remote data sets, and infinite scrolling of results."
"angular2-routing","4724","Angular Routing is a built-in feature that enables you to create a Single Page Application (SPA) user interface, where users can navigate to different views without having to reload the entire page from the server every time."
"webbrowser-control","4720","This tag refers to the WebBrowser ActiveX Control (native) and for Windows Forms or WPF applications (.NET). This control ""hosts Web pages and provides Web browsing capabilities to your application""."
"classpath","4715","In Java, the classpath tells the Java Virtual Machine where to look for user-defined classes and packages when running Java programs. The classpath is a parameter and can be set either on the command-line, or through an environment variable. "
"progressive-web-apps","4715","A progressive web application provides an application-like user experience that is low friction and is built using modern web capabilities and hosted on the web and can become an application on the user's system over time."
"linux-device-driver","4711","Device drivers take on a special role in the Linux kernel. They are distinct programmatically abstracted “black boxes” that make a particular piece of hardware respond to a well-defined internal programming interface; they hide completely the details of how the device works. "
"performance-testing","4709","Performance Testing: The process of testing to determine the performance of a software product. Performance Testing is the process of identifying and eliminating application or system performance bottlenecks by exercising actual expected user patterns."
"core-graphics","4709","Core Graphics is Apple's framework for low-level drawing operations on Mac OS X and iOS."
"interpolation","4709","Anything related to function interpolation, i.e. the mathematical techniques for estimating the (unknown) value of a function in a point on the basis of a set of known values in other (usually nearby) points. For interpolation of strings, see the [string-interpolation] tag."
"mongoid","4708","Mongoid is the official Ruby Object-Document-Mapper (ODM) for MongoDB."
"office-js","4700","OfficeJS is the new JavaScript extensibility model for Microsoft Office client applications. You can extend Office applications that run on Windows, web, iOS, and the Mac. This model is applicable to Office client applications starting with Office 2013. Please read the tag info for additional guidance on how to increase the chance that you'll get a high quality answer to your questions."
"android-mediaplayer","4694","MediaPlayer class can be used to control playback of audio/video files and streams in Android devices"
"pom.xml","4693","A Project Object Model or POM is the fundamental unit of work in Maven."
"azure-data-factory","4689","Microsoft Azure Data Factory is a cloud service used to invoke (orchestrate) other Azure services in a controlled way using the concept of time slices.  Data factories are predominately developed using hand crafted JSON, this provides the tool with instructions on what activities to perform.  While still in preview, the introduction of Azure Data Factory V2 allows for an easier data integration experience using the api and not only JSON files."
"firebase-security","4673","The Firebase Security API uses a flexible authentication system and an expression-based rules language to provide a very flexible security model."
"sql-insert","4668","The SQL INSERT statement allows you to insert a single or multiple rows into a table."
"sdl","4665","Simple DirectMedia Layer (SDL) is a cross-platform, free and open source multimedia library. Should not be confused with Security Development Lifecycle."
"embed","4664","To ""Embed"" is to place a software module, object, or application into your own application or web page."
"openlayers","4661","OpenLayers is an open source Javascript web mapping library for creating web map applications."
"export-to-csv","4658","A set of techniques to write a CSV (Comma-Separated Values) file from a data source. CSV files store data in plain-text form, allowing great usability and they often are used as a way to exchange data from information systems"
"sql-server-2014","4651","Use this tag for questions specific to the 2014 version of Microsoft's SQL Server database engine. SQL Server 2014 is the predecessor of the later SQL Server 2016."
"codenameone","4646","Codename One is an open source Write Once Run Anywhere Mobile Development Platform that allows Java and Kotlin developers to build native (iOS/Android/Windows Phone etc.) applications."
"xml-serialization","4644","This tag refers to serialization technologies which use XML as a data format."
"qt-creator","4640","Qt Creator is a comprehensive open source C++ IDE which is part of the Qt Project. "
"laravel-5.1","4636","Laravel 5.1 is a past version of the open-source PHP web framework. It has been released on 9th June 2015. Use it in addition to the laravel-5 tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.1.  Use the laravel tag for general laravel related questions."
"element","4634","In metadata, the term data element is an atomic unit of data that has precise meaning or precise semantics."
"eval","4628","eval is a function that allows a programmer to execute arbitrary code written in the same language, from a string variable within a code."
"std","4620","The C++ Standard Library, and its namespace. Use in conjunction with [c++]."
"html-email","4620","HTML used to format emails."
"translation","4614","Translation is the process of replacing strings in an application or website to make interfacing with the application or website easier for people from countries with different languages."
"analytics","4607","For questions related to analytics methods and tools."
"telegram","4607","Telegram is a cross-platform cloud-based instant messenger with a focus on security.  Use this tag for questions about interacting with Telegram, including use of its official API."
"sprite","4606","A sprite is a two-dimensional image or animation that is integrated into a larger scene."
"jhipster","4603","JHipster is a development platform to generate, develop and deploy Spring Boot,  Angular/React/Vue Web applications and Spring microservices."
"command-line-arguments","4603","Programming command line utilities that take parameters."
"angular-ui-bootstrap","4597","A set of AngularJS directives based on Twitter Bootstrap's markup and CSS"
"reverse-proxy","4596","A reverse proxy server usually refers to an HTTP accelerator or load-balancer which proxies requests on behalf of the actual clients to one or more backend HTTP servers."
"hide","4589","Methods for hiding visual components, particularly with regard to HTML."
"datasource","4587","Datasource is a name given to the connection set up to a database from a server. The name is commonly used when creating a query to the database. The database source name (DSN) does not have to be the same as the filename for the database."
"spyder","4580","Spyder (previously known as Pydee) is a powerful interactive development environment for the Python language with advanced editing, interactive testing, debugging and introspection features."
"nasm","4579","NASM is the Netwide Assembler, an open-source x86/x64 assembler. It aims at being portable, modular and at having a simple syntax."
"spring-cloud","4566","Spring Cloud provides tools to quickly build common patterns in distributed systems (e.g. configuration management, service discovery, circuit breaker, intelligent routing, micro-proxy, control bus, global locks, leadership election, distributed sessions). Coordination of these systems leads to boiler plate patterns, and using Spring Cloud you can quickly create applications that implement those patterns."
"google-cloud-dataflow","4558","Google Cloud Dataflow is a fully managed cloud service for creating and evaluating data processing pipelines at scale. Dataflow pipelines are based on the Apache Beam programming model and can operate in both batch and streaming modes.  Cloud Dataflow is part of the Google Cloud Platform."
"screen","4558","A screen on a device, such as an iPhone or other smartphone.  For questions about GNU Screen (the terminal application for managing multiple windows), use the gnu-screen tag."
"owin","4553","Open Web Interface for .NET that describes how components in a HTTP pipeline should communicate."
"azure-ad-b2c","4553","Azure AD B2C is a cloud identity management solution for web and mobile applications targeting your customers (consumers and businesses)."
"inno-setup","4546","Inno Setup is a tool to create setup programs with an embedded Pascal-derived scripting language. "
"exchange-server","4543","Questions about automation and APIs related to Microsoft's Enterprise level messaging server."
"sympy","4534","SymPy is an open source Python library for symbolic mathematics."
"responsive","4533","Responsive is a tag to indicate a generic responsive website or web application programming or design topic. It's a more generic tag than 'responsive-design', and it serves for situations when you're specifically writing about programming (usually html/css/js). The word 'responsive' itself refers to the ability of a web application/website to respond and adapt its dimensions and interactivity across a wide range of devices and screen sizes."
"spring-webflux","4531","Spring Framework 5 includes a new spring-webflux module. The module contains support for reactive HTTP and WebSocket clients as well as for reactive server web applications including REST, HTML browser, and WebSocket style interactions.WebFlux can run on Servlet containers with support for the Servlet 3.1 Non-Blocking IO API as well as on other async runtimes such as Netty and Undertow. "
"alert","4527","An alert is usually a notification message to draw one's attention."
"karma-runner","4521","Karma provides developers a testing environment where they don't have to set up many things, rather just write code and get instant feedback in order to improve productivity and creativity."
"views","4520","Views (db) refer to database constructs that allow a user to join several tables together or restrict access to certain data. Views (UI) refer to generic objects with a graphical interface. See also the following tags: view, sql-view, android-view, uiview."
"web-deployment","4519","The activities that make a website available for use on a remote system."
"soapui","4516","SoapUI is an open-source desktop application providing functional testing, load testing, security testing, API mocking, and API monitoring for both SOAP/WSDL and REST/WADL web services. Questions about the professional versions of these tools, such as SoapUI Pro, should be tagged with ready-api."
"alarmmanager","4515","Android class providing access to the system alarm services."
"system","4511","System may refer to a set of interdependent components; Low level infrastructure like the operating system (from a high language point of view) or an object or function for accessing the previous"
"overlay","4506","Overlays are user interface elements that are displayed over other UI elements, typically for the purpose of presenting additional or enhanced information and detail."
"categories","4492","Categories are groupings of information relative to a certain criteria. Use this tag for questions related to handling information of and related to a categorical nature. "
"session-cookies","4481","Session cookies enable a server and a browser to establish an identified connection (through cookies) and communicate though it."
"screenshot","4465","For questions about screenshots — digital images that show the contents of a computer display,"
"simulation","4462","Simulation is the imitation of some real thing, state of affairs, or process. The act of simulating something generally entails representing certain key characteristics or behaviours of a selected physical or abstract system."
"cakephp-3.0","4458","Questions about the 3.0.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework. Use this tag in combination with the general [cakephp] tag."
"fabricjs","4453","Fabric.js is an HTML5 canvas library, providing an object model for canvases, an SVG-to-canvas renderer and a canvas-to-SVG parser."
"project","4447","In software development, a project is a collection of files and resources used in the development of an application or service. Use [ms-project] for Microsoft Project questions.  "
"pickle","4447","Pickle is an object serialization module for Python. Use this tag together with the Python tag for questions related to storing or loading objects with Pickle."
"decorator","4446","Decorator is an object-oriented design pattern that allows adding behavior to existing classes in a dynamic fashion. It is one of the Gang of Four's structural design patterns. "
"internet-explorer-9","4440","Windows Internet Explorer 9 (abbreviated as IE9) is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released on 14 March 2011.  It is available for Windows Vista SP2 and above, Windows Phone 7.1–7.8, and the Xbox 360. It was replaced by IE10 on Windows 8, Windows Server 2012 and Windows Phone 8."
"smarty","4437","Smarty is a templating engine for PHP. It allows for easy separation of application logic and display code, as well as simplifying reuse of templates."
"mobile-safari","4434","A mobile version of Apple’s Safari web browser."
"bokeh","4433","Bokeh is a library for interactive visualization (including streaming or large datasets) that targets modern web browsers for presentation, and high level languages such as Python, Scala, and R for use. "
"centos7","4431","Version 7 of CentOS Linux distribution. The CentOS Linux distribution is a stable, predictable, manageable and reproduceable platform derived from the sources of Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)."
"npm-install","4431","npm install <packagename> is a command in the npm CLI that searches for and installs a specified package from an npm repository."
"stdout","4428","The standard output stream (stdout) is the stream where a program writes its output data."
"metaprogramming","4426","Metaprogramming is the capability to reprogram ones programming environment, as with macros or metaclasses."
"diff","4423","The act of identifying differences between two or more files in order to support various software development activities (bug tracking, patch creation, ...)"
"dynamics-crm-2011","4422","Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft. Out of the box, the product focuses mainly on Sales, Marketing, and Service (help desk) sectors, but Microsoft has been marketing Dynamics CRM as an XRM platform and has been encouraging partners to use its proprietary (.NET based) framework to customize it to meet many different demands."
"linkedin","4419","A tool used for finding business/networking connections, such as for suggesting job candidates.  Used for questions regarding LinkedIn's APIs.  Do not ask questions about LinkedIn's terms of service, problems with registering for a service with them, or what APIs they will be offering in the future. They are not appropriate for asking on Stack Overflow, *even if* LinkedIn appeared to direct you here."
"viewmodel","4411","A view model or viewpoints framework is a framework which defines a coherent set of views to be used in the construction of an architecture. A view is a representation of a whole system from the perspective of a related set of concerns."
"connection-string","4410","A string containing information necessary for connecting to a service, usually database."
"svm","4407","Support vector machines (SVMs) are a set of related supervised learning methods that analyze data and recognize patterns, used for classification and regression analysis."
"return-value","4404","Return value is the result of evaluation of a return statement."
"customization","4404","Modifying the default state of an application to suit a user's preferences or to address the unique requirements of a particular objective."
"openpyxl","4403","Openpyxl is a Python library for reading and writing Excel 2010 xlsx/xlsm/xltx/xltm files."
"mp3","4397","MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III,  more commonly referred to as MP3, is a patented digital audio encoding format using a form of lossy data compression. It is a common audio format for consumer audio storage, as well as a de facto standard of digital audio compression for the transfer and playback of music on digital audio players."
"github-actions","4389","GitHub Actions allows you to easily automate your software workflows. Use this tag for questions regarding help on creating a workflow. If you need help on GitHub Actions in general, consider contacting GitHub by emailing their support (support.github.com/contact) or by asking in GitHub's Community Forum (github.community)."
"h2","4379","H2 is a relational database management system written in Java. It can be embedded in Java applications or run in the client-server mode. H2 supports regular disk-based as well as in-memory databases."
"uicollectionviewcell","4378","UICollectionViewCell is a class from UIKit framework in iOS. A UICollectionViewCell object presents the content for a single data item when that item is within the collection view’s visible bounds. Available in iOS 6.0 and later which is inherited from `NSObject->UIResponder->UIView->UICollectionReusableView->UICollectionViewCell`"
"legend","4377","A graph legend is commonly used when plotting several sets of data within the same diagram. The legend associates each plot with its corresponding data."
"native","4376","An application designed to run in the computer environment (machine language and OS) being referenced. The term is used to contrast a native application with an interpreted one such as a Java application that is not native to a single platform."
"share","4374","questions about sharing resources in (local, and social) networks"
"admin","4370","admin may refer to both physical persons or software accounts that are dedicated and privileged to change the system they operate."
"threadpool","4367","A thread pool is a method to reuse existing threads, rather than always creating new ones. They allow for pooling resources in given limits and automatically assigning tasks to open workers. Use this tag when you have questions about implementing a thread pool, or using an existing thread pool implementation."
"kubernetes-helm","4365","Helm is a tool for managing packages (i.e. charts) of templated Kubernetes resources."
"user-defined-functions","4363","A function provided by the user of a program or an environment most often for spreadsheet type applications or database applications. Use [custom-functions-excel] for Excel and [custom-function] for Google sheets. Specify a programming language tag as well: [google-apps-script], [javascript], [sql], [tsql], etc. as well as a tag for the application: [excel], [google-spreadsheet], [sql-server] etc."
"contextmenu","4361","A context menu is a menu in a graphical user interface that appears upon user interaction, such as a right mouse click or middle click mouse operation."
"android-arrayadapter","4360","A concrete BaseAdapter that is backed by an array of arbitrary objects."
"real-time","4353","A task is real-time when the timeliness of the activities' completion is a functional requirement and correctness condition, rather than merely a performance metric.  A real-time system is one where some (though perhaps not all) of the tasks are real-time tasks. DO NOT USE THIS TAG if all you mean is 'real-world'."
"cpu","4352","The central processing unit or ""processor"" inside a computer which executes the instructions in a computer program."
"documentation","4343","THIS TAG IS FOR DOCUMENT GENERATORS ONLY. Include language and/or SDE tag as well. DO NOT USE to ask for links to documentation or tools, or to critique vendor documentation."
"primary-key","4342","A key is a set of attributes that is irreducibly unique and non-nullable within a table."
"ms-access-2007","4341","Microsoft Access 2007 - a rapid database application development tool"
"ionic","4341","Cross-platform native mobile app development framework built with AngularJS for use in Cordova"
"gstreamer","4339","Questions related to GStreamer (also known as Gst), an open source multimedia framework, powering everything from linux servers and linux desktop systems to a host of embedded devices."
"umbraco","4338","Umbraco is an open-source content management system platform for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets. It is written in C# and deployed on Microsoft based infrastructure. Since version 4.5, the whole system has been available under an MIT License."
"setinterval","4337","setInterval is a global JavaScript method. It is used to execute a particular function or piece of code at regular intervals."
"vuejs3","4335","Use this tag for questions specific to version 3 of Vue.js, an open-source, progressive Javascript framework for building user interfaces.  "
"rake","4331","Ruby build utility similar to make with build commands defined in pure Ruby."
"monitoring","4323","Monitoring is the act of looking on the processes or systems for performance, supervision and surveillance."
"openid-connect","4320","OpenID Connect (OIDC) is a REST-friendly protocol for the (possibly cross-domain) exchange of user identity built on top of the OAuth 2.0 and JWT specifications."
"wolfram-mathematica","4319","Wolfram Mathematica is a computer algebra system and programming language from Wolfram Research. Mathematica has its own Stack Exchange site at https://mathematica.stackexchange.com/ and that site is the preferred place to ask questions about it."
"xslt-2.0","4318","Use this tag for questions specific to XSL Transformations version 2.0 and no other version."
"textfield","4318","A text field (or text box) is a user-interface control allowing the user to input text into a program."
"oledb","4314","OLE DB (Object Linking and Embedding, Database, sometimes written as OLEDB or OLE-DB) is an API designed by Microsoft for accessing data from a variety of sources in a uniform manner."
"static-libraries","4314","A static library is an archive of object files. Used as a linker input, the linker extracts the object files it needs to carry on the linkage."
"csrf","4313","Cross Site Request Forgery is a malicious attack to exploit a website's trust in a user's browser."
"clone","4311","A clone is a copy of an object with all of the same attributes, data, and methods as the original object. Or a software system that is designed to mimic another system."
"prism","4308","Prism is a framework for building loosely coupled, maintainable, and testable XAML applications in WPF, Windows 10 UWP, and Xamarin Forms."
"xss","4302","Cross-site scripting (XSS) is a type of computer security vulnerability typically found in web applications that enables malicious attackers to inject client-side script into web pages viewed by other users. An exploited cross-site scripting vulnerability can be used by attackers to bypass access controls such as the same origin policy."
"paperclip","4296","Paperclip is a library for the Ruby on Rails framework which makes dealing with file attachments easier. In addition to dealing with standalone files, the library provides convenience methods for creating image thumbnails.  Paperclip is now deprecated - the authors recommend using ActiveStorage (they have provided a migration guide)"
"rows","4294","A row is a single data item in a database, spreadsheet, table, grid or list. When using this tag, please also add additional tags to clarify your specific environment/language/use case. "
"ipc","4290","IPC stands for Inter-process Communication and represents a set of methods for exchanging data and messages between threads and processes."
"laravel-5.3","4290","Laravel 5.3 is a past version of the open-source Model-View-Controller framework for PHP created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on August 23, 2016. Use it in addition to the laravel-5 tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.3.  Use the laravel tag for general laravel related questions."
"enzyme","4289","Unit test library for React. It is developed by Airbnb. It can be used with other JavaScript testing frameworks like Mocha, Jest, Karma, etc."
"amazon-iam","4285","AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables you to securely control access to AWS services and resources for your users. Using IAM you can create and manage AWS users and groups and use permissions to allow and deny their permissions to AWS resources "
"powershell-2.0","4282","For topics and problems related specifically to Windows PowerShell 2.0.  PowerShell 2.0 shipped with the releases of Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2.  For general PowerShell topics, use the `PowerShell` tag."
"inversion-of-control","4281","Inversion of control (IoC) is an abstract principle describing an aspect of some software architecture designs in which the flow of control of a system is inverted in comparison to procedural programming."
"mutex","4279","A mutex (""mutual exclusion"") is a mechanism to ensure integrity when the same data or resource is accessed (in particular, changed) concurrently from several threads."
"wildcard","4274","A wildcard character is a specially defined character allowing for substitution of any other character, including a pattern or sequence of characters. Use this tag for questions on how to use wildcards for regular expressions, shell scripting, string manipulation and database control, but not for use in terminal commands as that is off-topic."
"scale","4270","The scale tag is mostly used for questions that relate to proportional resizing of images or UI elements. It is also used for questions related to function scale() in R language."
"service-worker","4270","A service worker is JavaScript code that, once registered with an associated origin and scope, will respond to browser-initiated events, even when the pages it controls are no longer open.  By handling `fetch` events, service workers can provide custom network behavior, like offline support (via the Cache API).  By handling `push` events, service workers can be ""woken up"" and display notifications."
"augmented-reality","4267","For question about real-time, 3D and interactive mix of real and virtual components. Only use this tag when a specific platform tag doesn't exist or the question is sufficiently cross-platform."
"wmi","4253","Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) is an API for managing the Windows operating system on local or remote computers."
"emulation","4251","For questions about emulation and emulators, where a computer program is emulating (imitating) the behavior of another program or hardware device."
"boost-asio","4250","Boost.Asio is a cross-platform C++ library for network and low-level I/O programming that provides developers with a consistent asynchronous model using a modern C++ approach."
"inputstream","4239","An abstract mechanism for reading a data stream in Java"
"apache-nifi","4239","Apache NiFi is an easy to use, powerful, and reliable distributed system to transform and distribute data."
"imap","4234","Internet message application protocol (commonly known as IMAP) is one of the two most prevalent Internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval, the other being the Post Office Protocol (POP)."
"innodb","4230","InnoDB is an ACID-compliant transactional storage engine for MySQL that uses MultiVersion Concurrency Control (MVCC). It has been the default storage engine for MySQL since version 5.5.5"
"android-imageview","4226","Displays an arbitrary image or a drawable, such as an icon or an xml defined graphical element."
"upgrade","4221","This tag refers to the process of replacing a particular system with a newer version of the same system"
"phonegap-plugins","4218","A Cordova (PhoneGap) plugin bridges a bit of functionality between the WebView powering a Cordova application and the native platform the Cordova application is running on."
"amazon-cloudfront","4218","Amazon CloudFront is a web service for content delivery. It integrates with other Amazon Web Services to give developers and businesses an easy way to distribute content to end users with low latency, high data transfer speeds, and no commitments."
"multipartform-data","4216","multipart/form-data is a content type used to send forms to web services, including file uploads."
"proguard","4216","ProGuard is a tool to shrink, optimize, obfuscate, and preverify Java classes.  It is included in the Android SDK."
"iis-7.5","4214","IIS (Internet Information Services) Version 7.5 – is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows. Released with Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows 7."
"flutter-dependencies","4213","For questions relating to the use of and issues with any use of flutter-specific dependencies in dart's pubspec.yaml"
"laravel-5.4","4211","Laravel 5.4 is a past version of the open-source PHP web framework replaced by 5.5 version created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on January 24, 2017. Use it in addition to the laravel-5 tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.4.  Use the laravel tag for general laravel related questions."
"microsoft-edge","4204","Microsoft Edge is a web browser released for Windows 10, installed alongside Internet Explorer (IE) 11.  Edge is designed to be the replacement web browser to IE, as IE is slated to cease development after IE 11.  Edge uses the EdgeHTML layout engine (a fork of Trident) and Chakra Javascript engine."
"autohotkey","4201","AutoHotkey (AHK) is a free, open-source macro-creation and automation software for Microsoft Windows that allows users to automate repetitive tasks. It is driven by a scripting language that was initially aimed at providing keyboard shortcuts, otherwise known as hotkeys, that over time evolved into a full-fledged scripting language."
"geospatial","4199","pertaining to the geographic location and characteristics of natural or constructed features and boundaries on, above, or below the earth's surface; esp. referring to data that is geographic and spatial in nature."
"calculator","4199","Questions about calculators, or calculator programming. For TI-BASIC calculator programming, use the ti-basic tag."
"pipeline","4197","A pipeline is a sequence of functions (or the equivalent thereof), composed so that the output of one is input for the next, in order to create a compound transformation. Famously, a shell pipeline looks like ""command | command2 | command3"" (but use the tag ""pipe"" for this). It's also used in computer architecture to define a sequence of serial stages that execute in parallel over elements being fed into a pipe, in order to increase the overall throughput."
"postgis","4188","Use this tag for PostGIS, which is a spatial database extension for PostgreSQL.  Before using this tag, please consider whether your question might be a better fit for the Geographic Information Systems Stack Exchange site (e.g. if it's more about configuration or geodetic principles than about actual programming)."
"pass-by-reference","4185","Pass by reference is an argument marshalling strategy whereby a variable's location in memory is passed to a function, rather than a copy of the variable's value, although the function appears in the source code to receive the variable itself rather than a pointer to it."
"mouse","4184","A mouse is a pointing device that functions by detecting two-dimensional motion relative to its supporting surface."
"asp.net-core-2.0","4184","Use this tag for questions specifically related to ASP.NET Core 2.0, in addition to using the 'ASP.NET Core' tag."
"nested-loops","4183","A logical structure used in computer programming where two or more repeating statements are placed in a ""nested"" form (i.e., one loop is situated within the body of another). The inner loop is repeated in full on every pass through the outer loop."
"grails-orm","4182","GORM is Grails' object relational mapping (ORM) implementation. Use [go-gorm] for the Go ORM."
"codeblocks","4181","This tag is for Code::Blocks, an open-source C++ IDE. Do not use this tag for code blocks which define scope (e.g. curly braces)."
"google-tag-manager","4174","Google Tag Manager (GTM) is a free Tag Manager solution for web or mobile. It automates the management of JavaScript code sequences which are used to send 'tags' from your website or mobile app to third parties. Supported tags include those from Google and DoubleClick (Google Analytics and DoubleClick Floodlight Sales, for example), and selected 'Certified Vendor' tags."
"collision-detection","4167","Collision detection is the problem of determining if geometric objects intersect. It is an important topic in computer graphics, in CAD/CAM, in dynamical simulation, and in computer games."
"ios9","4167","iOS 9 is the ninth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system. It was announced at the company's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 8, 2015."
"google-plus","4166","Integration of applications or websites with the Google+ platform. Google+ is a enterprise social networking service operated by Google Inc."
"limit","4160","Relates to any sort of limit applied to data or resources, e.g. limiting the size or value of a variable, limiting the rate of incoming traffic or CPU usage. [tag:sql-limit] should be used to refer to the LIMIT keyword in SQL."
"call","4145","Do not use this ambiguous tag. For the action of invoking a subroutine of code, an external program or a script, use the tag [method-call]. For the topic of making phone calls, use the tag [phone-call]."
"custom-controls","4140","A custom control is a reusable GUI element, derived from an existing control type, customized with additional behavior, functionality and/or appearance."
"whitespace","4131","Whitespace, or white space, is often used to refer to any combination of spaces, tabs, and new lines which create blank space between text, either horizontally or vertically."
"internet-explorer-7","4128","Windows Internet Explorer 7 is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released October 2006 for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003."
"embedded-linux","4128","Embedded Linux is the use of Linux in embedded computer systems such as mobile phones, personal digital assistants, media players, set-top boxes, and other consumer electronics devices, networking equipment, machine control, industrial automation, navigation equipment and medical instruments."
"uiimagepickercontroller","4122","Questions related to the iOS UIImagePickerController class (and the associated UIImagePickerControllerDelegate protocol), which provides system-supplied user interfaces for taking pictures and movies on iOS devices, and for choosing saved images and movies."
"grafana","4115","Grafana is an open-source web application for visualizing time-series databases, such as InfluxDB, Graphite, Prometheus and OpenTSDB "
"cakephp-2.0","4111","Questions about the 2.0.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework. If your question applies to CakePHP in general, use the tag [cakephp]."
"core-animation","4111","Core Animation is Apple's framework for performing hardware-accelerated animation of display elements on the Mac and iOS devices.  Useful references include   Core Animation Programming Guide Animation Types and Timing Programming Guide Core Animation Cookbook  "
"cross-compiling","4108","For general cross compiling issues, where a separate 'hosting' environment is used to build for the 'target' platform."
"nfc","4107","Near Field Communication (NFC) is a set of short-range communication protocols that enables electronic devices to exchange data within short distances of roughly 10 cm or less. Can be used with Tags [mifare] [iso-15693] [ndef] [nfc-p2p], etc., as some questions are very specific to the NFC Tag type."
"autofac","4105","Autofac is an inversion of control (IoC) container for Microsoft .NET. It manages the dependencies between classes so that applications stay easy to change as they grow in size and complexity. This is achieved by treating regular .NET classes as components."
"travis-ci","4105","For questions about the hosted continuous integration service."
"nsdictionary","4103","A member of Apple's Objective-C framework Cocoa. NSDictionary objects manage associations of keys and values."
"function-pointers","4103","A function pointer is a pointer to a function, which can be stored in a variable. It allows a run-time choice of which function to run."
"laravel-blade","4098","Blade is the simple, yet powerful templating engine provided with Laravel. Unlike other popular PHP templating engines, Blade does not restrict you from using plain PHP code in your views."
"orientation","4095","Orientation is the way up, down, left or right something is facing or being held in. Typically, you distinguish between Portrait (or Vertical) and Landscape (or Horizontal) orientations."
"programming-languages","4092","A programming language is an artificial language designed to express computations that can be performed by a machine. **Please note:** As is the case elsewhere on Stack Overflow, resource and tutorial recommendation requests, requests for lists of things (""which languages have this feature...""), and excessively opinion-based (""what's the best..."") questions are off topic."
"transition","4091","DO NOT USE! THIS TAG IS AMBIGUOUS. Try to use a less ambiguous tag like [css-transitions], [android-animation] or [ios-animations] [pytransitions] if possible."
"string-formatting","4090","Commonly refers to a number of methods to display an arbitrary number of varied data types into a string."
"asp.net-mvc-routing","4090","Questions about routing within ASP.NET (including MVC)."
"global","4088","Refers to a space where variables and other items may be accessed from any scope."
"xcode8","4086","Xcode 8 is an IDE created by Apple for the development of macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS applications.   The first release of Xcode 8 was on June 13th, 2016 with Xcode 8 beta build 8S128d.  *Do not use this tag unless your question specifically involves the Xcode IDE!*"
"computer-science","4085","Computer science (CS) is the science behind programming. Use for questions related to the more theoretical questions involving programming. Questions of a purely theoretical nature may be off-topic. All CS questions can be asked on https://cs.stackexchange.com/"
"alias","4080","An alias is an alternative name. In computer science, the most common contexts are command aliases in shells, column aliases in databases, or variable references in languages like C++."
"precision","4080","For questions related to numerical precision in programming. For classification precision use the tag [precision-recall]."
"recaptcha","4080","For questions about the reCAPTCHA service: Designed to protect against spam and abuse by blocking bots while allowing valid users access."
"stm32","4076","The STM32 is a family of microcontrollers from ST Microelectronics, based on the Cortex M0, M0+, M3, M4, or M7 ARM core (depending on the product line)."
"jsonp","4075","JSON with Padding (JSONP) is a technique for working around cross-domain Ajax limitations."
"rx-java2","4074","anything related to RxJava2 – The new implementation of the RxJava Reactive Extensions for the JVM – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Java VM."
"python-multiprocessing","4073","multiprocessing is a package that supports spawning processes using an API similar to the threading module in python programming language."
"netsuite","4070","NetSuite is a vendor of business management SaaS. The platform's scope includes ERP, CRM, PSA, and Ecommerce. Primarily tailored to mid-market companies."
"solidity","4062","Solidity is a high-level language whose syntax is similar to that of JavaScript and is designed to compile code for the Ethereum Virtual Machine.  A contract in the sense of Solidity is a collection of code (its functions) and data (its state) that resides at a specific address on the Ethereum blockchain."
"onclicklistener","4053","A Listener Object that reacts to 'click' events triggered from an input device, such as a Mouse"
"sublimetext2","4051","DO NOT USE THIS TAG UNLESS YOUR QUESTION IS SPECIFICALLY ABOUT SUBLIME TEXT ITSELF. Do not tag your IDE or source code editor in questions about unrelated topics.  Sublime Text 2 is a multi-language and cross-platform sophisticated code editor developed by Jon Skinner. Please note that version 2 is obsolete and Sublime Text 3 is now the default version. Version 4 is currently in development."
"jax-ws","4048","JAX-WS is the JSR 224 defining a Java API for XML-Based Web Services"
"python-3.7","4045","Version of the Python programming language released in June 27, 2018. For issues that are specific to Python 3.7. Use the more generic [python] and [python-3.x] tags where possible."
"ag-grid","4040","AG Grid is a client-side JavaScript grid which is designed to be framework agnostic. It is not dependent on any framework, allowing it to be easily integrated with any of them. Use this tag for questions related to problems with the configuration of AG Grid and its integration with other tools."
"rvm","4040","RVM (Ruby Version Manager) is a command line tool which allows users to install, manage and work with multiple Ruby environments from interpreters to sets of gems easily in the various Unix-like systems (such as Linux and Mac OS X)."
"polygon","4038","For issues relating to the creation, manipulation and rendering of polygons in graphical user interfaces."
"decode","4034","To convert some encoded data (e.g. bytes, electrical signals) to some representation ready for further processing (e.g. string, object, picture)"
"rewrite","4033","Refers to URL rewriting, or the restructuring of a URL to improve readability and/or search engine optimization (SEO)."
"delay","4032","Delay refers to amount of time between two events."
"gnu-make","4030","This tag is for questions about `gmake`, the GNU version of the `make` utility to maintain and update programs."
"stata","4030","Stata is a commercial, general-purpose statistical software. It is available for Windows, Mac and Unix systems. Stata's capabilities include data management, statistical analysis and graphics.   ------------------------------------------------------------ IMPORTANT: Click 'Learn more' for advice on how to ask high quality Stata-related questions on Stack Overflow."
"command-prompt","4028","The command prompt is the string of text that a command-line interpreter displays to you, the user, to prompt you for input in interactive mode.  For programs with textual user interfaces in general, not specifically addressing their prompts for user input, see either the CONSOLE-APPLICATION (Microsoft Windows) or TERMINAL (Unices, MacOS 10, and Linux) tags.  See COMMAND-LINE or SuperUser for commands invoked by command lines at a command prompt."
"classloader","4026","A class loader is an object that is responsible for loading classes in Java."
"facebook-like","4023","Widget that enables users of Facebook to ""Like"" websites, photos, objects, posts, etc. "
"rdf","4017","The Resource Description Framework (RDF) is a language for representing information about resources in the World Wide Web.  It is a syntax independent data model that may be serialised in a variety of concrete syntaxes.  RDF is the core data format used on the Semantic Web."
"github-pages","4016","GitHub pages are static web pages hosted on GitHub."
"linear-algebra","4014","Linear Algebra is a core body of mathematics studying vector spaces and linear mappings between these spaces. Key topics include: matrices, vectors, simultaneous systems of linear equations, diagonal form, eigenvalues, eigenvectors, projections, points, lines, planes, hyperplanes, rotations and reflections."
"crud","4014","The four basic operations for a data management system : Create, Read, Update, Delete"
"add","4012","Addition is a mathematical operation that represents combining collections of objects together into a larger collection. It is signified by the plus sign (+). "
"xcode5","4010","Xcode 5 is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE). Xcode 5.0 included the SDKs for Mac OS X 10.8 and iOS 7. *Do not use this tag unless your question specifically involves the Xcode IDE!*"
"symfony1","4009","The first version of symfony, a full stack MVC framework for PHP 5."
"advanced-custom-fields","4004","Advanced Custom Fields is a free WordPress plugin which acts as a GUI layer for custom fields. Custom fields are native to WP and appear on pages, posts and custom post types, however the native custom field interface is not very user friendly. ACF uses field groups to attach fields to edit screens."
"ibm-mq","4000","IBM MQ is a message oriented middleware product that provides a proprietary API as well as implementing the Java Message Service (JMS) API. As of v8.0, the product name became IBM MQ, having being previously called WebSphere MQ and before that,  MQSeries. The websphere-mq and mqseries tags are synonyms."
"databricks","3997","For questions about the Databricks Unified Analytics Platform"
"query-string","3995","The part of a URL after the ? (question mark), containing parameter=value pairs separated by & (ampersand). In a request made to a web application at a particular URL, the parameter+value data in the query string is parsed/consumed by the web application on the backend that receives the request."
"amazon","3987","DO NOT USE THIS TAG. Instead, use a more-specific tag, such as `amazon-web-services` or `amazon-product-api`. Amazon is a US-based multinational e-commerce company. If you have a programming-related question specific to one of their services, use that specific tag instead (if there is one)."
"symfony4","3986","Symfony is a PHP framework developed by SensioLabs. Symfony 4 was released in November 2017."
"apollo","3980","Apollo is a GraphQL client and cache for JavaScript, iOS (Swift) and Android."
"gradient","3979","Specifies a range of position-dependent colors, usually used to fill a region."
"raspberry-pi3","3979","GENERAL RPI QUESTIONS ARE OFF-TOPIC. General questions may be asked on https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com Use the tag for questions that apply specifically to the Raspberry Pi Model 3, NOT other models."
"intellisense","3978","IntelliSense is Microsoft's implementation of automatic [code-completion], best known for its use in the Microsoft Visual Studio integrated development environment."
"tesseract","3974","Tesseract is an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) engine originally developed at HP Labs and now available as an open source library with development sponsored by Google."
"accordion","3973","An accordion is a type of menu that allows for additional content to be shown below the heading upon mouse action. Only one heading's content can be open at a time. When the next heading is selected, the previous heading's content will close."
"stack-overflow","3970","NOT THIS WEBSITE! Use this tag for the error caused by pushing too many items onto the callstack. If you have a question regarding this website, please go to https://meta.stackoverflow.com"
"gunicorn","3970","Gunicorn 'Green Unicorn' is a Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX. It's a pre-fork worker model ported from Ruby's Unicorn project. The Gunicorn server is broadly compatible with various web frameworks, simply implemented, light on server resources, and fairly speedy. "
"puppet","3969","Puppet is a ruby-based Configuration Management system incorporating a model-driven DSL. Its purpose is to provide configuration file enforcement, service state monitoring, package installation and other server-side management."
"subclass","3965","A subclass is a class that derives or inherits from a parent (or super) class. Subclassing is used extensively in object-oriented programming (OOP)."
"screen-scraping","3963","Screen-scraping, also known as web-scraping or data-scraping, is a software technique used to collect and parse information from user interfaces. If your question is specifically about scraping from websites or web-APIs, please use the [web-scraping] tag instead."
"winrt-xaml","3963","This tag is for the XAML UI framework specific to Windows-Store-Apps on Windows-8. WinRT-XAML is a subset of the general XAML specification and a superset of Windows-Phone-8 XAML."
"google-sheets-api","3963","The Google Sheets API lets developers write third-party applications that read and modify any aspect of spreadsheets. "
"xcode7","3961","Xcode is an IDE by Apple for the development of iOS and OS X applications. Use this tag for version specific questions about Xcode 7."
"converter","3960","Converters can change data from one type to another, translate data based on cultural information, or modify other aspects of the presentation."
"antlr","3959","ANTLR, ANother Tool for Language Recognition, is a language tool that provides a framework for constructing recognizers, interpreters, compilers, and translators from grammatical descriptions containing actions in a variety of target languages."
"log4net","3957","The Apache log4net library is a tool to help the programmer output log statements to a variety of output targets. log4net is a port of the excellent Apache log4j™ framework to the Microsoft® .NET runtime. We have kept the framework similar in spirit to the original log4j while taking advantage of new features in the .NET runtime."
"entity-framework-5","3952","The ADO.NET Entity Framework version 5, containing support for .net 4.5"
"bundler","3951","Bundler is a tool that makes it easier to keep track of what Ruby gems (and what versions of those gems) an application depends upon. It does so by installing all the gems in your application’s Gemfile.  Bundler itself is a gem and can be installed with the following: $ gem install bundler"
"outlook-addin","3947","Outlook addins are self-contained programs that modify,extend or add functionality to Microsoft Outlook desktop client. Please use ""outlook-web-addins"" tag for questions regarding the new model of Outlook Add-ins, which are web-based and can run on Desktop, Web, and Mobile."
"youtube-data-api","3945","YouTube Data API used for getting details of YouTube contents like Playlist, Playlistitems and video's details! You need to generate a YouTube Data API Developer Key to access the content available on YouTube Data API."
"flex4","3942","Flex 4 is an Apache (previously Adobe) Framework used to build RIA for Flash Player."
"openstreetmap","3938","OpenStreetMap is a free editable map of the whole world.  OpenStreetMap allows you to view, edit and use geographical data in a collaborative way from anywhere on Earth."
"naming-conventions","3936","Naming conventions refer to general rules governing names assigned to programming constructs such as variables and methods. These conventions facilitate readability, and thus improved maintainability of code by enforcing naming consistency across disparate modules."
"antd","3934","This tag should be used for any questions regarding the Ant Design. It is an enterprise-class UI design language and React-based implementation."
"md5","3930","Cryptographic hash function with a 128-bit (16-byte) hash value. MD5 is no longer considered a secure hash and should not be used to protect sensitive information like passwords"
"object-detection","3922","Object detection deals with recognizing the presence of objects of a certain semantic class (e.g. “humans”, “buildings”, “cars”, &c) in digital image and video data."
"ngrx","3920","NgRx is a reactive state management library for Angular based on flux design pattern."
"junit4","3918","Version 4 of the popular Junit Java Unit testing framework"
"webhooks","3918","Webhooks are a mechanism to listen and react to events using an HTTP callback: an HTTP POST that occurs when an event occurs.It is an alternative to HTTP polling. "
"wxwidgets","3916","wxWidgets is a cross-platform GUI framework. It is written in C++ and has bindings for Python, Perl, Ruby, PHP, Erlang and even .Net. It also supports several mobile platforms including Windows Mobile, iPhone SDK and embedded GTK+."
"sparse-matrix","3915","A sparse matrix is a data structure in which not every entry is explicitly represented. Related are sparse matrix algorithms and data structures, along with questions about implementation and analyses."
"opengl-es-2.0","3915","Subset of the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones. This version 2.0 eliminates most of the fixed-function rendering pipeline in favor of a programmable one."
"log4j2","3909","Log4j 2 is an upgrade to Log4j, a Java-based logging utility, that provides significant improvements over its predecessor, Log4j 1.x, and provides many of the improvements available in Logback while fixing some inherent problems in Logback's architecture. "
"html-select","3909","An HTML user interface element for choosing one or more option(s) from a finite collection of options."
"microsoft-metro","3907","Unless you have design questions - you should more likely tag your question as windows-store-apps or windows-runtime or winrt-xaml or winjs. Metro (now ""Microsoft Design Language"") was an internal code name for a typography-based user interface design language created by Microsoft. It is featured prominently in Windows Phone 7 and Windows 8."
"variable-assignment","3903","A process of setting or re-setting the value stored in the storage location(s) denoted by a variable name."
"google-analytics-api","3901","A set of APIs for building custom reporting solutions and programmatically managing existing Google Analytics accounts and users."
"greatest-n-per-group","3900","Query the row with the greatest/least value per group."
"geojson","3897","GeoJSON is an open format, based on JSON, for encoding geographic data."
"selection","3897","The selection can refer to text that has been highlighted, or it can refer to a choice made in UI elements that require one, e.g. a particular option in an HTML `select`.  Selection is also the stage of a genetic algorithm in which individual genomes are chosen from a population for later breeding."
"media-player","3894","Software or hardware device designed to play audio/video files."
"cocos2d-x","3893","C++ cross-platform version of Cocos2D, an open-source mobile 2D game framework."
"android-view","3888","Questions regarding Views in Android. Views may be defined in Android Layout XML or in Java code. Questions using this tag involve general View practices or advice. With regard to specific Views, refer to the info for this tag. For questions regarding layout, use the [android-layout] tag."
"simplexml","3886","A PHP extension shipped with the main source tree. The SimpleXML extension provides a very simple and easily usable toolset to convert XML to an object that can be processed with normal property selectors and array iterators.  For the Java ""Simple"" XML framework, please use the [simple-framework] tag."
"payment-gateway","3884","A service for authorizing payments for an e-commerce website, an online retailer or a traditional business."
"filenames","3884","Filenames are metadata about a file; a string used to uniquely identify a file stored on the file system of a computer."
"unity-container","3882","The Unity Application Block (i.e. Unity) is a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception. DO NOT USE THIS TAG TO REFER TO THE UNITY GAME ENGINE! Use unity3d instead (https://stackoverflow.com/tags/unity3d/info)!"
"z-index","3879","z-index represents the order on the z-plane in which an element appears. An element with higher stack order is always in front of another element with lower stack order. It is available in most of the GUI frameworks (both Web and Desktop)."
"mdx","3877","Multidimensional Expressions (MDX) is a query language for OLAP databases. It was developed by Microsoft but has later gained widespread support from other OLAP vendors."
"exchangewebservices","3877","Exchange Web Services (EWS) is an extensibility point for clients that connect to the Exchange server and consume information about user availability, and the manipulation of items that are located in the Exchange data store. "
"cdi","3877","Contexts and Dependency Injection (CDI): Java Platform, Enterprise Edition (Java EE) 5 brought dependency injection (DI) with Convention over Configuration to Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) 3.0. Java EE 6 introduces the flexible and powerful @Inject dependency injection model (JSR-330 and JSR-299) in addition to the already existing @EJB annotation."
"apache-beam","3877","Apache Beam is a unified SDK for batch and stream processing. It allows to specify large-scale data processing workflows with a Beam-specific DSL. Beam workflows can be executed on different runtimes like Apache Flink, Apache Spark, or Google Cloud Dataflow (a cloud service)."
"javabeans","3876","A javabean is a custom class which often represents real-world data and encapsulates private properties by public getter and setter methods. For example, User, Product, Order, etc."
"database-migration","3875","database-migration is the process of transferring data between storage types, formats, or computer systems. Also refers to migrating the database from one vendor to another, or to upgrading the version of the database software."
"sencha-touch-2","3875","JavaScript framework for mobile devices, UI interface, DataAccess and encapsulation. "
"rdd","3874","Resilient Distributed Datasets (RDDs) are a distributed memory abstraction that allows programmers to perform in-memory computations on large clusters while retaining the fault tolerance of data flow models like MapReduce."
"angular-reactive-forms","3871","Questions about Angular Reactive Forms, an Angular technique for creating forms in a reactive style. Use this tag for questions which are not specific to an individual version of Angular."
"telegram-bot","3864","The Bot API is an HTTP-based interface created for developers keen on building bots for Telegram which is an instant-messaging app with documented API. Use this tag if you're writing a telegram bot and have a specific question regarding the Bot API."
"mean-stack","3863","The MEAN stack is a methodology that employs MongoDB, Express, Angular / AngularJS and Node.js to provide a complete end-to-end system. One of the primary motivations of such a stack is that it is pure JavaScript at all ends.  Two different implementations are available: mean.io and mean.js"
"ninject","3862","NInject is a dependency injection framework for .NET applications."
"primeng","3860","Use this tag for questions about PrimeNG, a collection of UI Components for Angular. Questions tagged [primeng] should also be tagged [angular], but NOT [primefaces]."
"facebook-opengraph","3859","For programming questions about Facebook's Open Graph API, designed to integrate Web pages representing profiles of real-world things into the social graph"
"bind","3858","This tag means different things in different contexts: consider using less ambiguous tags instead. Common meanings include: the bind function in socket programming; binding to naming contexts; the bind method in jQuery; BIND the DNS server (named), . For boost::bind in C++, use [boost-bind]. Do not use this tag just to say that you're binding something to something else."
"itextsharp","3857","iTextSharp is a .NET open source library for PDF generation and manipulation.  "
"wso2esb","3855","WSO2 ESB is an Open Source Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) available under the Apache Software License v2.0."
"plpgsql","3848","PL/pgSQL is the default procedural language for PostgreSQL. Questions about PL/pgSQL should probably be tagged [PostgreSQL] as well."
"microsoft-teams","3844","The Microsoft Teams Developer Platform allows you to integrate your app into Microsoft Teams.  You can do this via Tabs that directly surface your web experience, Bots that surface your experience in chat, and Connectors that send your notifications into channels. Please read the tag info (README) for guidance on how to increase the chance that you'll get a high quality answer to your questions."
"clr","3843","The Common Language Runtime (CLR) is a core component of Microsoft's .NET initiative. It is Microsoft's implementation of the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) standard, which defines an execution environment for program code. In the CLR, code is expressed in a form of bytecode called the Common Intermediate Language (CIL, previously known as MSIL—Microsoft Intermediate Language)."
"android-relativelayout","3839","Android layout that displays child views in relative positions to each other or to the parent view."
"powerquery","3837","Microsoft Power Query for Excel enhances self-service business intelligence (BI) for Excel with an intuitive and consistent experience for discovering, combining, and refining data across a wide variety of sources including relational, structured and semi-structured, OData, Web, Hadoop, Azure Marketplace, and more. Power Query also provides you with the ability to search for public data from sources such as Wikipedia. "
"capistrano","3832","Capistrano is a developer tool for deploying web applications. It is typically installed on a workstation, and used to deploy code from your source code management (SCM) to one, or more servers."
"panel","3828","A panel is a simple container that allows other elements to be placed into it, especially visual user interface elements."
"scenekit","3821","Apple SceneKit is a high-level framework for 3D data visualizations and casual games on iOS, macOS, iPadOS, tvOS and watchOS. Since 2017, SceneKit is used as an ARKit companion and a main render engine for AR apps."
"oracle12c","3820","Oracle is an RDBMS product. Specific releases of the product are known as Oracle9i, Oracle10g, Oracle 11g and Oracle 12c. Generally there are two releases within each major version. Questions tagged **oracle12c** are assumed to be specific to this version or features introduced in this version."
"pine-script","3815","Pine Script is a domain-specific language for coding custom technical indicators and strategies on TradingView. Use this tag for questions related to programming in Pine Script. Please do not use the [tradingview-api] tag for Pine-related questions."
"valgrind","3809","Valgrind is a dynamic analysis tool for Linux, OS X, Android, and Solaris systems. It can be used for profiling as well as for finding memory leaks, race conditions, and threading errors."
"drools","3808","Drools is a business-rule management system (BRMS) with a forward-chaining-inference-based rules engine, more correctly known as a production rule system, using an enhanced implementation of the Rete algorithm."
"psycopg2","3808","Psycopg is a PostgreSQL adapter for Python programming language. It implements PEP 249 with many extensions."
"netlogo","3808","NetLogo is an agent-based programming language and integrated modeling environment. NetLogo is free and open source software, under a GPL license. Commercial licenses are also available. It is written in Scala and Java and runs on the Java Virtual Machine."
"activex","3801","ActiveX is a Microsoft-proprietary framework for defining and accessing interfaces, to system resources, in a programming-language independent way."
"gmail-api","3800","Use the Gmail API to add Gmail features to your app. RESTful access to threads, messages, labels, drafts and history. Easy to use from modern web languages."
"quartz-scheduler","3799","Quartz Scheduler is a Java-based open-source job scheduling service.   NOTE: this tag is about the Java framework. For .NET questions please use [quartz.net] instead. For Clojure questions please use [quartzite] unless you're directly interoping with the Java library."
"dask","3793","Dask is a parallel computing and data analytics library for Python. It supports dynamic task scheduling optimized for computation as well as big data collections."
"selector","3787","A selector can be a string identifying a method name in the Objective-C or Smalltalk programming language or a special kind of switch used in computers to connect multiple lines (I/O) to a single line. Please do not use this tag for jQuery/CSS selectors."
"nan","3786","NaN is an abbreviation for ""Not a Number"". NaN is sometimes not equal to itself."
"amazon-ecs","3785","Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) is a highly scalable, high performance container management service that supports Docker containers and allows you to easily run distributed applications on a managed cluster of Amazon EC2 instances."
"heatmap","3784","A heat map is a graphical representation of data where the individual values contained in a matrix are represented as colors."
"hyperledger","3781","Hyperledger is an open source collaborative effort created to advance cross-industry blockchain technologies. It is a global collaboration, hosted by The Linux Foundation, including leaders in finance, banking, IoT, supply chain, manufacturing and technology."
"vlookup","3777","VLOOKUP is a Spreadsheet function for retrieving a value from an array using a vertical lookup value and a positive column offset. Use with [excel-formula] or [google-sheets-formula] or any other product that supports such lookup"
"session-variables","3773","Session variable is a unit of information within a session state. It is maintained across a user's visit within the constraints of the stateless HTTP protocol. "
"urllib","3772","Python module providing a high-level interface for fetching data across the World Wide Web. Predecessor to urllib2. In Python 3, urllib2 and urllib have been reorganized and merged into urllib."
"each","3770","An iterator function or language struct which can be used to iterate over arrays or lists."
"nsuserdefaults","3763","NSUserDefaults is the Objective-C API for storing and retrieving user preferences in Apple's Foundation framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch. It is available in OS X v10.0 and later and Available in iOS 2.0 and later which is inherited from NSObject root class"
"automatic-ref-counting","3763","Automatic Reference Counting (ARC) is a compiler feature that provides automatic memory management of Objective-C and Swift objects."
"afnetworking","3758","AFNetworking is a networking library for iOS and macOS available on GitHub and CocoaPods."
"couchbase","3756","Use for the Couchbase Server product only (NOT CouchDB or Couchbase Lite). Couchbase Server is a distributed database engineered for performance, scalability, availability and flexible query. It enables developers to build applications easier and faster by with both the power of SQL and the flexibility of JSON."
"ads","3756","Use this tag for issues related to handling advertisements programmatically. If using a specific technology such as AdMob or AdSense be sure to add the relevant tag too."
"typescript-typings","3750","DO NOT USE IT AS A SYNONYM OF TYPES. Use for questions on typings, a package for managing TypeScript definitions. It uses typings.json, which can resolve to the Typings Registry, GitHub, NPM, Bower, HTTP, and local files. The package is now deprecated."
"batch-processing","3745","Batch-processing refers to programmatic execution with minimum human interaction."
"richfaces","3744","RichFaces was a component library for JSF and an advanced framework for easily integrating AJAX capabilities into business applications. It reached end-of-life in June 2016."
"chromium","3742","Chromium is the open source web browser project from which Google Chrome draws its source code."
"replication","3730","The use of redundant resources to improve reliability, fault-tolerance, or performance."
"elisp","3729","Emacs Lisp is the extension language for the GNU Emacs text editor, and in fact, most of the functionality of Emacs is implemented using Emacs Lisp.  Users generally customize Emacs' behavior by adding Emacs Lisp statements to their `~/.emacs`, or writing separate packages."
"qr-code","3724","QR code is an ISO-standardized two-dimensional barcode format.  "
"where","3716","A clause in programming that applies a Boolean condition (predicate)."
"chatbot","3716","A chatbot is an automated program that communicates with humans. Abilities can range from canned responses, to neural networks and other learning programs, to responding to commands."
"windows-8.1","3714","Windows 8.1, released on October 18, 2013, is the first major update to Microsoft Windows 8. Windows 8.1 is another addition to the Windows NT family."
"android-canvas","3712","The Android Java Canvas (android.graphics.Canvas)"
"probability","3712","Consider if your question would be better at stats.stackexchange.com. Probability touches upon uncertainty, random phenomena, random numbers, random variables, probability distributions, sampling, combinatorics."
"webclient","3708","WebClient is a class for .NET Framework applications that provides methods for sending and receiving data from a resource identified by a URI. "
"mvvmcross","3705","MvvmCross is an open source, convention over configuration, MVVM framework for the Xamarin platform and Windows UWP, WPF, Windows Phone 8.1 (non-Silverlight), Windows 8.1 (modern Apps) and Windows Console Apps."
"tornado","3704","Tornado is a scalable web server and web framework for Python specializing in handling thousands of simultaneous connections and real-time services."
"ip-address","3703","An Internet Protocol address (IP address) is a numerical label assigned to each device in a computer network that uses the Internet Protocol for communication. This is a general tag that covers both IPv4 (like 172.168.100.1) and the newer IPv6 (like 2012:da8:0:1234:7:577:8:2). If you specifically mean any of these, use IPv4 or IPv6 tags."
"addeventlistener","3702","a DOM event method that adds an event listener to a given DOM node"
"spark-dataframe","3701","Structured columnar data, analogous to pandas or R dataframes, but with a spark RDD basis, allowing massive, distributed SQL-like operation."
"sql-server-ce","3699","Microsoft SQL Server Compact is a free SQL Server embedded database ideal for building standalone and occasionally connected applications for mobile devices, desktops, and Web clients. You can develop applications with SQL Server Compact using the ADO.NET provider, and there is tooling support in Visual Studio. The latest version is 4.0, which has been enabled for web application usage.  "
"distance","3699","Distance is a numerical description of how far apart objects are."
"gallery","3699","Gallery is a collection of photos in a software system"
"message-queue","3696","""Message queue"" is a design pattern or software engineering component that defines discipline or API for communication between two or more interrelated processes or systems. The message queue enforces asynchronous processing and loose coupling. Depending on the implementation they may also provide delivery and order guarantees of the messages. Message processing guarantees are explicitly excluded from the design. "
"clipboard","3696","The clipboard is a software facility that can be used for short-term data storage and/or data transfer between documents or applications, via copy and paste operations."
"artifactory","3696","Artifactory is an enterprise-grade universal binary repository manager solution that can be used to work with more than 25 different dependency and package managers, including Maven, Docker, npm, PyPi etc. and supports enterprise features like on-prem, cloud or hybrid topology, multi-site replication, high-availability, sharding, pluggable storage, custom metadata, query language and much more. "
"phoenix-framework","3696","Elixir Web Framework targeting full-featured, fault tolerant applications with realtime functionality"
"pinvoke","3695","P/Invoke is an implementation specification created by Microsoft of the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) for invocation of native code libraries from managed code."
"styled-components","3695","styled-components is a JavaScript library for styling React applications. It removes the mapping between styles and components, and lets you write actual CSS augmented with JavaScript."
"wicket","3689","Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry. "
"bioinformatics","3689","For programming-related questions related to Bioinformatics. Other questions do not belong here, but might be on-topic at https://bioinformatics.stackexchange.com/."
".net-4.5","3681","Version 4.5 of the Microsoft .NET Framework.  Use for questions specifically related to .NET Framework 4.5.  For questions on .NET Framework generally, use the .net tag."
"uisearchbar","3676","A view class in iOS (Apple) that implements a text field control for text-based searches."
"grand-central-dispatch","3676","Grand Central Dispatch (GCD) provides a simple and robust mechanism for concurrent and asynchronous operations, primarily in Apple operating systems (e.g., iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS), but also FreeBSD and MidnightBSD."
"gcloud","3674","gcloud is the main command line tool of Google Cloud SDK, which allows you to manage resources on Google Cloud Platform and perform various developer workflow tasks."
"kafka-consumer-api","3672","Use for questions related to the Apache Kafka consumer API"
"facebook-php-sdk","3671","The Facebook PHP-SDK provides Facebook Platform support to your PHP - based web apps."
"loading","3671","Loading refers to retrieving necessary information for display or functionality."
"hadoop-yarn","3669","YARN (Yet Another Resource Negotiator) is a key component of second generation Apache Hadoop  infrastructure. DO NOT USE THIS for the JavaScript/Node.js Yarn package manager (use [yarnpkg] instead)!  Originally described by Apache as a redesigned resource manager, YARN is now characterized as a large-scale, distributed operating system for big data applications including next generation MapReduce (MR2). "
"matlab-figure","3667","MATLAB is a high-level language and programming environment developed by MathWorks. This tag relates to the creation and manipulation of graphical plots and visualizations in MATLAB figures. For questions on the creation of graphical user interface (GUI) applications in MATLAB, consider using [tag:matlab-gui], [tag:matlab-guide] or [tag:matlab-app-designer]."
"drupal-6","3665","Drupal 6 is the Drupal version released on February 13, 2008. Rather than using this tag, consider posting your question directly on https://drupal.stackexchange.com/."
"c#-3.0","3663","C# 3.0 (""C# Orcas"") introduces several language extensions that build on C# 2.0 to support the creation and use of higher order, functional style class libraries. The extensions enable construction of compositional APIs that have equal expressive power of query languages in domains such as relational databases and XML. Use this tag if your question specifically pertains to C# 3.0 specific features. Otherwise, just use the C# Tag."
"spreadsheet","3662","Use this tag for questions about spreadsheet apps, plug-ins, libraries, etc., where no more specific tag exists. A spreadsheet presents tabular data sets arranged in rows and columns, typically with tools for capturing, analyzing, and collaborating on that data. Each cell may contain alphanumeric text, numeric values, or formulas."
"ctypes","3661","`ctypes` is a Python package that wraps C .dll/.so libraries in pure Python."
"complexity-theory","3660","Computational Complexity Theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science and mathematics that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty. Particularly common in programming is *amortized analysis* for  time or space. Questions must relate to programming. For theoretical Computer Science questions, please ask on https://cs.stackexchange.com/."
"war","3659","Web Application Archive - Is a JAR file used to distribute JavaServer Pages, Java Servlets, Java classes, XML files, tag libraries and static Web pages (HTML and related files) that together constitute a Web application."
"nokogiri","3655","An HTML, XML, SAX and Reader parser for Ruby with the ability to search documents via XPath or CSS3 selectors… and much more"
"padding","3654","Extra space inserted into memory structures to achieve address alignment -or- extra space between the frame and the content of an HTML element -or- extra spaces or zeros when printing out values using formatting print commands like, in C, the printf*-family of functions."
"linker-errors","3654","An error received when combining individually compiled object files into executable code."
"graph-theory","3651","A graph is a mathematical structure that contains a collection of vertices or 'nodes' and a collection of edges that connect pairs of vertices. Graphs can be undirected or directed, edges may be directed from one vertex to another."
"aws-cli","3648","The AWS Command Line Interface (CLI) is a unified tool to manage AWS services."
"wget","3644","A GNU non-interactive (can be called from scripts, cron jobs , terminals without the X-Windows support, etc.) network downloader that retrieves content from web servers. The name is derived from World Wide Web and get."
"pentaho","3644","The Pentaho BI Suite is an open source business intelligence suite with integrated reporting, dashboard, data mining, workflow, and ETL capabilities. It is primarily written in Java."
"atom-editor","3628","Atom is a hackable text editor created by GitHub and developed on top of the Electron desktop application platform."
"sql-injection","3625","SQL injection is a code injection technique, used to attack data-driven applications, in which malicious SQL statements are inserted into an entry field for execution (e.g. to dump the database contents to the attacker)."
"stdin","3624","Standard input (stdin, file descriptor 0) is the input stream to a program."
"phpexcel","3619","A PHP library to create, read, edit and write spreadsheet files for MS Excel and other spreadsheet programs "
"handler","3617","In the Observer pattern, an event handler is the function or method called on an observer listening for an event dispatched by the subject.  Also known as an event listener."
"uigesturerecognizer","3616","UIGestureRecognizer is an abstract base class for concrete gesture-recognizer classes. A gesture-recognizer object (or, simply, a gesture recognizer) decouples the logic for recognizing a gesture and acting on that recognition. When one of these objects recognizes a common gesture or, in some cases, a change in the gesture, it sends an action message to each designated target object."
"igraph","3614","igraph is a free software package for creating and manipulating large undirected and directed graphs. It is written in C, but has interfaces to higher-level languages like R, Python or Mathematica."
"bytearray","3613","Represents an array of bytes"
"redhat","3613","For issues relating to Red Hat platforms, products, and/or services."
"appcelerator","3612","Use this tag for programming or development questions related to the Appcelerator Platform for developing Native Mobile Apps and APIs using JavaScript. Please use Appcelerator-specific tags such as [appcelerator-titanium], not [titanium]."
"manifest","3611","A manifest is a file containing metadata about an application, data file or assembly. Generally an ambiguous tag, try and use a more specific one."
"wkwebview","3603","A WKWebView object displays interactive web content. It is provided by Apple's WebKit which is available for macOS, iOS and tvOS as well."
"common-table-expression","3601","A Common Table Expression (CTE) is a temporary result set that is defined within the execution scope of a single SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE or DELETE statement.  Formally named <with clause>, according to the ISO SQL standard."
"struts","3598","The Apache Struts web framework is a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications. "
"updates","3595","[Instead of using this tag, please use the appropriate tag for the software and/or library in question]  Updates can refer to the modification of data or configuration by an application, process, or service, or can refer to the modification of software by a process. This tag seems fairly useless, as most software engages in updating something most of the time."
"httpresponse","3594","An HTTP response is a network message which is made of a body and metadata in the form of headers, according to HTTP specification. May also refer an HttpResponse class in software frameworks and libraries that automates relevant functionality"
"excel-2007","3593","The Excel-2007 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2007 spreadsheet application from Microsoft. The version independent Tag is ""excel"". If your question is about VBA then also tag it VBA. If it is about an Excel formula or worksheet function, then tag it worksheet-function. "
"middleware","3591","Middleware is computer software that provides services to software applications beyond those available from the operating system. It can be described as ""software glue""."
"openxml","3590","Questions regarding reading and writing of Microsoft Office Open XML files either through direct manipulation of the XML files contained in a zip package or through the Microsoft Office Open XML SDK."
"block","3590","DO NOT USE This tag is scheduled for removal because it can refer to many different things depending on the use of other tags with it."
"data-analysis","3585","Data Analysis involves extracting meaning and insights from raw data. It involves methods and algorithms that examine, clean, transform and model the data to obtain conclusions. "
"inline","3577","Use this tag for questions specifically about the effects of the inline keyword, together with the appropriate language tag."
"marshalling","3574","Marshalling is the process of transforming the memory representation of an object to a data format suitable for storage or transmission"
"game-engine","3570","A game engine is a software framework used in the development of video games. TAG USAGE NOTE: Use this tag only if you are creating or modifying a game engine framework, or if the game engine you use doesn't yet have its own tag on StackOverflow. Otherwise use the engine-specific tag(s)."
"margin","3565","The CSS margin properties define the space around elements."
"access-token","3563","Access Token is the last token acquired during the OAuth authentication process."
"ubuntu-18.04","3562","GENERAL UBUNTU SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://askubuntu.com/. This tag should be used only for  WRITING OR RUNNING PROGRAMS specifically in Ubuntu 18.04. If your question applies to other versions of Ubuntu, use [ubuntu] instead. If your question applies to other distributions of Linux, use [linux] instead. "
"passenger","3559","Passenger is an application server for Rack, Node.js, and WSGI applications that can be run standalone or as an Apache or Nginx module."
"variadic-templates","3558","Variadic templates are templates that take a variable number of parameters."
"frame","3557","Frame refers to a property of a UIView or an NSView in Objective-C. It is a 4-floating-point representation of the View's location in the parent view or window. ... Use the [frames] tag for HTML frames (not iframes)."
"android-support-library","3550","The Android Support Library contains backported APIs from newer platforms and APIs that offer utility functionality."
"android-permissions","3548","Permissions in the AndroidManifest.xml that allows an app to perform certain actions that are disallowed by default"
"activeadmin","3548","Active Admin is a Ruby on Rails plugin for generating administration style interfaces. It abstracts common business application patterns to make it simple for developers to implement beautiful and elegant interfaces with very little effort."
"reporting","3548","A report is a purposeful presentation of data, typically for human review.  Automated error-logging is a humble form of reporting; ""Business intel"" suggests a sophisticated and multi-layered form."
"swagger-ui","3546","Swagger UI is a collection of HTML, CSS and JavaScript objects that dynamically generate documentation from a Swagger-compliant API"
"android-spinner","3539","A spinner is a control/widget that allows the user to select an item from a group, like a dropdown list..."
"iot","3535","QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED.. Use a more specific tag for your question instead, e.g. [wifi], [bluetooth], [c], [arduino]"
"materialize","3534","An open-sourced, modern, responsive front-end framework based on Material Design"
"asset-pipeline","3532","The asset pipeline provides a framework to concatenate and minify or compress JavaScript and CSS assets. It also adds the ability to write these assets in other languages and pre-processors such as CoffeeScript, Sass and ERB."
"spotify","3531","Spotify is a streaming music service for multiple platforms. This tag covers Spotify's various developer libraries and public APIs, including Web API, mobile SDKs, and Web Playback SDK."
"reverse-engineering","3531","Reverse engineering is the process of discovering the technological principles of a human made device, object or system through analysis of its structure, function and operation."
"openid","3530","OpenID is an open standard that describes how users can be authenticated in a decentralized manner. It allows the user to use an existing account to sign in to multiple websites, without needing to create new passwords."
"aop","3528","AOP stands for Aspect-Oriented Programming. Use this tag if your question is about aspect-oriented concepts and techniques, or for programming problems using AOP extensions in any language. AOP increases modularity by allowing the separation of ""cross-cutting concerns"" into aspects. Click learn more... to find out what it's all about."
"firemonkey","3527","FireMonkey(tm) is the cross-platform GUI framework developed by Embarcadero Technologies, a part of Idera Inc. and is a part of the RAD Studio development tool."
"jboss7.x","3526","Version 7  of the JBoss Application Server"
"local","3521","A tag for questions about accessing resources local to a given runtime environment or network."
"game-physics","3517","Game Physics is about implementation, creation, optimization and any other thing related to physics in games. Physics controls the interaction of every physical object in a game, where any 2d or 3d model interacts with any other 2d or 3d model of an object in a game. Physics is used to give realistic effects of this interaction."
"open-source","3516","QUESTIONS ABOUT LICENSING ARE OFF-TOPIC. You may ask questions about open source licensing on https://opensource.stackexchange.com. There are no good reasons to use this tag on Stack Overflow"
"sql-server-2016","3515","Use this tag for questions specific to the 2016 version of Microsoft's SQL Server."
"android-jetpack-compose","3514","Jetpack Compose is Android’s modern toolkit for building native declarative UI made by Google. If you're targeting desktop with Compose for Desktop, use both this and [compose-desktop] tags."
"executable","3513","An executable is a binary file that can be executed by the operating system. "
"one-to-many","3513","one-to-many is relationship between two different object properties. "
"haml","3508","HAML is a markup language that’s used to cleanly and simply describe the HTML of any web document without the use of inline code. It can be used as a standalone HTML generation tool or as a template rendering engine in a web framework such as Ruby on Rails or Ramaze. HAML templates are pre-compiled into plain HTML templates which is consumed by a client's web browser to render information sent by the server as a HTML web page."
"firebird","3507","Firebird is a free and open-source, cross-platform, client-server SQL relational database management system, running on Linux, Unix, and Windows. Please mention your exact Firebird version when asking questions. "
"slideshow","3504",""
"lapply","3503","lapply is a function in R that returns a list of the same length as given argument X, each element of which is the result of applying given function to the corresponding element of X"
"yarnpkg","3503","Yarn is an open-source JavaScript package manager. With Yarn, engineers have access to the npm registry and can install packages quickly, and manage dependencies consistently across machines or in secure offline environments."
"router","3500","A router is a device that forwards data packets across multiple networks. DO NOT USE THIS TAG FOR QUESTIONS REGARDING URL ROUTING OR SINGLE PAGE APPLICATION ROUTERS"
"marklogic","3498","MarkLogic Server is a multi-model database. Classified as a NoSQL database, MarkLogic stores, manages, and provides built-in search for JSON and XML documents and semantic data (RDF triples). Users can also create relational views on top of the document model—all with a unified, consistent back-end. "
"digital-ocean","3491","Digital Ocean is a provider of cloud infrastructure and services. ONLY PROGRAMMING QUESTIONS ARE ON-TOPIC (e.g. questions about programming for the Digital Ocean API). Questions about Digital Ocean the company, administrating systems, customer service based question, etc. are off-topic for Stack Overflow."
"windows-xp","3491","Windows XP is a historical Microsoft operating system edition for use on personal computers. Support was discontinued in April 2014. Important note: This tag is exclusively for programming questions directly related to Windows XP; questions about general software issues should be directed to Super User. This tag is for all flavors of XP, including XP Home Edition, XP Professional, XP x64, Itanium-64, XP Embedded, and XP Tablet."
"apache-zookeeper","3487","Apache ZooKeeper is a distributed service that provides configuration information storage, naming, synchronization, coordination, and group services."
"reverse","3483","Rearranging the order of a sequence such that the final order is a mirror image of the original."
"avplayer","3483","An AVPlayer object is used to implement controllers and user interfaces for single- or multiple-item playback."
"message","3480","For questions regarding Facebook messages, JavaScript messages, mobile messages (Android, iOS, windows-phone), etc.  Not for use for error messages.  Include additional tags to indicate messaging platform, programming language, etc."
"richtextbox","3478","The RichTextBox control allows to display or edit RTF (Rich Text Format) content, which may include formatted paragraphs, hyperlinks, and inline images."
"python-multithreading","3478","python-multithreading refers to how to divide work into multiple streams of execution in Python."
"django-orm","3477","Django's ORM system, comprising its queryset and model systems."
"immutability","3472","Immutability is the inability to modify data after it has been created. Modifications are instead made by copying the data. A property of immutable data is that it is *referentially transparent*."
"windows-subsystem-for-linux","3472","Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) is a compatibility layer that allows Linux ELF64 binaries to run natively on Windows 10"
"mean","3457","The arithmetic mean (or simply the mean or average when the context is clear) is the central tendency of a collection of numbers.   The mean is calculated as the sum of the numbers divided by the size of the collection."
"actionlistener","3457","Java ActionListener is an invisible GUI object that gets its method called when the user performs a certain action. Common actions include pressing the push button, toggling the toggle button, checking the checkbox, selecting an item in combo box and the like."
"google-maps-android-api-2","3457","Google Android Maps Api v2 is the next generation of Google Maps SDK available for Android developers."
"amazon-sqs","3454","Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) offers a reliable, highly scalable, hosted queue for storing messages as they travel between computers."
"toolbar","3452","The toolbar tag is for issues relating to the configuration, design, and use of toolbars."
"alfresco","3449","Alfresco Open Source Enterprise Content Management Software "
"future","3445","A placeholder for the result of a calculation before the calculation has completed. Used in concurrent programming.  Questions about future events are off-topic on Stack Overflow."
"biztalk","3445","Microsoft BizTalk Server is a server product for Business Process Management and  Enterprise Application Integration, developed by Microsoft. "
"code-generation","3443","Topics related to the generation of code as the output of an application, instead of directly writing code by a programmer."
"guava","3443","Google's Core Java Library for Java and Android development."
"draggable","3442","An element capable of being dragged."
"ssrs-2012","3441","SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services) is a server-based report generation software system from Microsoft. This version was released as part of SQL Server 2012 in March 2012."
"antlr4","3440","Version 4 of ANother Tool for Language Recognition (ANTLR), a flexible lexer/parser generator. ANTLR4 features an enhanced adaptive LL(*) parsing algorithm, that improves on the simpler LL(*) algorithm used in ANTLR3."
"mediawiki","3435","MediaWiki is a free software wiki package written in PHP, originally for use on Wikipedia. It is now used by several other projects hosted by the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation and by many other wikis."
"atomic","3434","An atomic operation is indivisible. This term is used to describe transactions in databases, low-level accesses in multithreaded programs, and file system operations, amongst others."
"liquid","3433","Liquid is an open-source template language created by Shopify and written in Ruby. It is the backbone of Shopify themes and is used to load dynamic content on storefronts.  Liquid has been in production use at Shopify since 2006 and is now used by many other hosted web applications."
"dropbox","3433","Dropbox is a free cloud storage service that lets you bring your photos, docs, and videos anywhere and share them easily. It uses a web interface and cross-platform  file syncing application to manage files in the cloud. It also features an API."
"python-3.5","3433","The version of the Python programming language released on September 13, 2015. For issues that are specific to Python 3.5. Use the more generic [python] and [python-3.x] tags where possible."
"wrapper","3432","A wrapper is an OOP technique where an object encapsulates (wraps) another object, resource (dynamically allocated memory, OS file/widow handle, socket, thread mutex, etc) or a set of subroutines, hiding/protecting it and providing another (possibly easier to use) interface. When using this tag on implementation heavy questions - tag the code language the implementation is written in."
"reshape","3431","In R, Matlab, NumPy and APL, reshape functions allow data to be transformed into more convenient forms."
"react-bootstrap","3431","Bootstrap components built with ReactJS, for ReactJS applications"
"tidyr","3431","tidyr is an R package by Hadley Wickham for cleaning and reshaping data, designed to use the magrittr pipe (%>%) so as to interact well with dplyr and similar pipeable packages which emphasize tidy data. tidyr is the successor to reshape2."
"system-calls","3430","A system call is used by programs to request services from the operating system's kernel."
"draw","3427","A tag for questions about methods of displaying graphical data or images."
"fxml","3426","a scriptable XML-based language that provides the structure for building a JavaFX user interface separate from the application logic of your code."
"transparency","3425","Transparency is the property of being see-through; a transparent object reveals objects behind it.  Transparency is also known as alpha blending.  The opposite of transparency is opacity."
"lotus-notes","3425","Tag for programming questions related to Lotus Notes & Domino"
"paypal-sandbox","3423","The PayPal Sandbox is a self-contained environment within which you can prototype and test PayPal features and APIs. The PayPal Sandbox is an almost identical copy of the live PayPal website."
"dotnetnuke","3418","A .NET open source content management system and web application development framework. Also goes by the names DotNetNuke, and DNN Platform and Evoq (the Commercial Product built upon DNN Platform)."
"splash-screen","3417","The splash screen is a rectangular or full screen image which appears while a software product is loading (OS, CAD, game, etc). Often it contains a progress bar, indicating the loading phases."
"magento-1.7","3417","Magento 1.7 is a version of the Magento eCommerce platform that was released April 24th 2012. It has had two minor revisions since, with the most recent version being 1.7.0.2 which was released July 5th 2012."
"twisted","3414","Twisted is an event-driven networking engine, written in Python and implementing many different protocols."
"extension-methods","3409","An extension method is a language feature of some languages, such as Swift, Visual Basic.NET and C#. Extension methods enable you to ""add"" methods to existing types without creating a new derived type, recompiling, or otherwise modifying the original type."
"apache-kafka-streams","3408","Related to Apache Kafka's built-in stream processing engine called Kafka Streams, which is a Java library for building distributed stream processing apps using Apache Kafka."
"plist","3403","A plist file, also known as a ""Property List"" file, stores serialized objects such as arrays, dictionaries, and strings."
"minecraft","3397","Use this tag for programming-related questions about the computer game Minecraft. Note: Minecraft questions are generally OFF-TOPIC on Stack Overflow unless they relate to creating mods/plugins or otherwise developing for the game. Questions related to gameplay are best asked on gaming.stackexchange.com."
"backgroundworker","3396","BackgroundWorker is a helper class in .NET's System.ComponentModel namespace providing a general implementation of the Event-Based Asynchronous Pattern to manage a worker thread, support cooperative cancellation, and report progress."
"jquery-ui-sortable","3395","The jQuery UI Sortable plugin makes selected elements sortable by dragging with the mouse."
"background-color","3394","""background-color"" is a CSS property used to define the background color of an element. Tag these questions with ""css"" also."
"aurelia","3393","Aurelia is a next generation JavaScript client framework that leverages simple conventions to empower your creativity."
"angular-routing","3391","The ngRoute module provides routing and deeplinking services and directives for AngularJS apps."
"text-to-speech","3391","Text-to-speech or speech synthesis is the artificial production of human speech."
"syntax-highlighting","3391","Syntax highlighting is a feature of some text editors that display text (especially source code) in different colors and fonts according to the category of terms."
"office-interop","3390","Office Interop is the layer using the COM Interop that allows .NET or C# to communicate with standard COM objects and libraries."
"html-agility-pack","3380","HTML Agility Pack is an open-source HTML parser that builds a read/write DOM and supports Linq, plain XPATH or XSLT."
"actions-on-google","3378","Actions on Google let you build for the Google Assistant. "
"ienumerable","3375","IEnumerable, and its generic counterpart IEnumerable<T> are .NET interfaces for iterating (or enumerating) through a collection of items."
"logback","3374","Modern logging facility for Java-based programs with many new features when compared to Log4J and java.util.logging."
"maven-plugin","3374","Do not use this tag for the use of specific Maven plugins. Use it only for Maven plugins development related questions."
"fullscreen","3364","A fullscreen object occupies the entire screen."
"store","3358","A store is a data repository of a set of integrated objects. These objects are modeled using classes defined in database schemas. Data store includes not only data repositories like databases, it is a more general concept that includes also flat files that can store data."
"default","3358","Refers to an initial, most commonly used option, setting, or value that is automatically assigned to an application or device, outside of user intervention, with the intention of making it usable ""out of the box""."
"export-to-excel","3354","Use to tag questions about techniques to write an MS-Excel file (sheet, workbook, .xls, .xlsx) from various data sources (an SQL Query, a DataGrid, a DataGridView, a text file, etc)."
"html5-audio","3354","The audio element is used to embed sound content in an HTML or XHTML document.  The audio element was added as part of HTML5."
"ui-automation","3353","UI Automation is programmatic/scripted interaction with a graphical user interface, typically for the purpose of testing or accessibility assistance."
"font-face","3352","@font-face is a CSS rule that allows the definition of embedded fonts within a webpage."
"amazon-cloudwatch","3351","Amazon CloudWatch provides monitoring for AWS cloud resources and the applications customers run on AWS. Use this tag when asking about CW features such as metrics or alarms. Use amazon-cloudwatchlogs instead when asking about log groups, log streams, and metric filters."
"react-native-ios","3350","React-native-ios: refers everything related to react-native ios development. Component, Styling, Routing and Native API access in react-native ios."
"uipickerview","3346","The UIPickerView class implements objects, called picker views, that use a spinning-wheel or slot-machine metaphor to show one or more sets of values. Appears on iOS."
"window-functions","3345","A window function is a type of SQL operation that aggregates over a partition of the result set."
"plotly-dash","3343","Dash is a framework for building data visualisation web applications. The original release was for Python, but Julia and R versions of the framework are also now available."
"system.reactive","3333","System.Reactive refers to the Reactive Extensions for .NET, also known as Rx.  Rx provides developers with a reactive programming model over the generic IObservable<T> interface, as opposed to the traditional imperative programming model or the other reactive programming models that rely strictly on .NET Events or specific APIs."
"assets","3329","1. Non-code files packed with an application (example, data or media files).  2. From a security point of view - any data or resource that should be (or can be) protected."
"google-cloud-sql","3327","Google Cloud SQL is a service that allows you to create, configure, and use relational databases that live in Google's cloud. It is a fully-managed service that maintains, manages, and administers your databases, allowing you to focus on your applications and services."
"media","3325","Media are the storage and transmission channels or tools used to store and deliver information or data."
"microcontroller","3324","This tag is related to questions that have something to do with a microcontroller.  A microcontroller is a simple or small processor often with its program and execution memory on the same chip with input/output pins for controlling other hardware.  Please specify the microcontroller and compiler or tools related to your question. "
"django-urls","3323","The Django URL dispatch system"
"external","3322","This tag refers to something that is outside of a particular system.  In other words, it is something that is not a part of the main system and therefore can be considered ""extra""."
"rgb","3322","RGB stands for Red-Green-Blue and specifies a color using three values, which represent the respective amount of red, green, and blue in the color.  RGB is the basis for the color model used by most color display devices nowadays."
"logistic-regression","3322","Logistic regression is a statistical classification model used for making categorical predictions."
"footer","3317","In programming, a page footer (or simply footer) is part of page that is separated from the main body and appears at the bottom of a page."
"kerberos","3316","Kerberos is a single sign-on (SSO) network authentication protocol designed to allow nodes, communicating over a non-secure network, to prove their identity to one another in a secure manner."
"symbols","3315","can refer to a letter or special character; a primitive data type in many programming languages; an item of the alphabet of a formal language."
"facebook-login","3306","Facebook login is a popular sign in method for many websites using Facebook credentials."
"infinite-loop","3306","An ""infinite loop"" is a loop in which the exit criteria are never satisfied; such a loop would perform a potentially infinite number of iterations of the loop body. The general problem of determining whether the execution of a loop with given preconditions will result in an infinite loop is undecidable; in other words, there is no algorithm to determine whether an execution of a loop will eventually terminate. This is known as the halting problem."
"standards","3304","Standards are officially published or well agreed upon formats, procedures, or protocols. They allow individuals or organizations to collaborate by setting ground rules or boundaries. Standards often come with a set of preconditions or assumptions, which allow collaborators to take those conditions or assumptions as ground truth."
"center","3300","The center tag in HTML causes its contents to be centered within the parent element. It is deprecated and should no longer be used."
"sublimetext","3299","Sublime Text is a text and source code editor for Linux, OS X and Windows. PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS TAG UNLESS YOUR QUESTION IS SPECIFICALLY ABOUT SUBLIME TEXT ITSELF. Do not tag your IDE or source code editor in questions about unrelated topics."
"increment","3294","DO NOT USE THIS TAG ALONE. Use with a language tag like [javascript] or [python]. Adding one to the value of a variable, generally with the use of an increment operator."
"header-files","3293","Header files are used in some programming languages to hold source code as a single copy that may be reused in multiple source files. This tag should be used for questions about using header files. A tag for the programming language such as C, C++, PHP, or Ruby should be used along with this tag since header file usage can vary between programming languages. This tag is not normally used with Java or Go programming and the import directive."
"actionbarsherlock","3292","ActionBarSherlock is an extension of the compatibility library designed to facilitate the use of the action bar design pattern across all versions of Android with a single API."
"sharepoint-online","3285","A cloud-based service, hosted by Microsoft, that provides SharePoint collaboration platform as an online service."
"tfsbuild","3282","Automated Builds using the Team Foundation Server / Visual Studio Team Services build system"
"updatepanel","3282","UpdatePanel is an ASP.NET AJAX control which allows page content to be updated asynchronously."
"clickonce","3281","ClickOnce is a Microsoft technology that simplifies deployment of applications by publishing to a website, where the user can install it by clicking a link on a page of that website. After the initial set-up, the developer can update the application with 'one click'."
"monads","3280","A monad in programming is a composable computation description.  Monads are an important construct in functional programming languages like Haskell."
"benchmarking","3280","Benchmarking is the process of comparing two or more systems or processes under controlled circumstances in order to have a quantitative measure with which to compare or rank them.  The benchmarking tag should be used for questions about how to perform benchmarking tasks or theory questions, not for lists of benchmarking results or requests for benchmarking data; those questions are off-topic for Stack Overflow."
"wait","3277","In programming, 'wait' refers to the act of pausing the execution of a program until a specific condition is met or a given amount of time has passed."
"eclipse-cdt","3276","CDT is an Eclipse component that provides an IDE for C and C++. Use this tag for questions which are specific to CDT."
"typeorm","3274","TypeORM is an object-relational mapper for TypeScript and JavaScript that supports many different databases like MySQL and PostgreSQL and platforms like Node.js and the Browser."
"nuget-package","3272","NuGet is a Visual Studio extension that makes it easy to install and update open source libraries and tools in Visual Studio."
"jpql","3271","The Java Persistence Query Language (JPQL) is a platform-independent object-oriented query language defined as part of the Java Persistence API specification."
"sqlplus","3267","SQL*Plus is a command-line interface for the Oracle RDBMS product. SQL*Plus questions should probably be also tagged with oracle. "
"saml","3266","Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is a standard for logging users into applications based on their sessions in another context."
"android-adapter","3266","An Adapter object acts as a bridge between an AdapterView and the underlying data for that view. "
"python-sphinx","3265","Sphinx is a tool that makes it easy to create intelligent and beautiful documentation. Sphinx is especially suitable for Python documentation, but it is a general-purpose tool that can be used to document anything. "
"mime-types","3264","An Internet media type or MIME type (named for Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) is a two-part identifier for file formats on the Internet."
"windows-mobile","3260",""
"stanford-nlp","3257","Questions on the open source natural language processing software from the Stanford University NLP Group, in Java, Python, and C, including Stanford CoreNLP, Stanza, and GloVe."
"asp.net-membership","3256","ASP.NET membership gives you a built-in way to validate and store user credentials."
"sfml","3252","SFML (Simple Fast Multimedia Library) is a portable and easy to use multimedia API written in C++. You can see it as a modern, object-oriented alternative to SDL. SFML is composed of several packages to perfectly suit your needs. You can use SFML as a minimal windowing system to interface with OpenGL, or as a fully-featured multimedia library for building games or interactive programs."
"powershell-3.0","3247","For topics and problems related specifically to Windows PowerShell 3.0.  PowerShell 3.0 shipped with the releases of Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012.  It is available as a download for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2.  For general PowerShell topics, use the `PowerShell` tag."
"box2d","3246","Box2D is a free open source 2-dimensional physics simulator engine written in C++ by Erin Catto and published under the zlib license"
"lookup","3246","Look up is related to indexes and hash tables. It is the action of accessing fastly to an item in a large collection thanks to a index (a so-called lookup table)."
"nvidia","3244","An American global technology company based in Santa Clara, California, best known for its graphics processors (GPUs)."
"k-means","3244","k-means is a clustering algorithm, implemented in popular data science tools. Use this tag for questions related to the k-means clustering algorithm itself, or to its use with the tools that implement it (alongside other tags specific to those tools)."
"random-forest","3243","In learning algorithms and statistical classification, a random forest is an ensemble classifier that consists in many decision trees. It outputs the class that is the mode of the classes output by individual trees, in other words, the class with the highest frequency. "
"pyodbc","3242","pyodbc is a module that allows you to use Python to make a database connection using ODBC"
"xdebug","3242","Xdebug is a PHP extension with developing aids, a profiler, an interactive debugging, and a code coverage information gatherer. "
"google-signin","3242","Google Sign-In allows users to sign in to your application with their Google accounts"
"android-custom-view","3240","A tag for questions related to building and using custom graphical widgets on the Android platform."
"pdfbox","3239","The Apache PDFBox library is an open source Java tool for working with PDF documents. This project allows creation of new PDF documents, manipulation of existing documents and the ability to extract content from documents. Apache PDFBox also includes several command line utilities."
"vmware","3238","QUESTIONS ABOUT SERVER ADMINISTRATION ARE OFF-TOPIC. General VMWare questions may be asked on superuser.com or serverfault.com. VMware is a brand of virtual machine software that provides a virtualized set of hardware to the guest operating system. "
"deadlock","3236","Situation where two (or more) operations need overlapping sets of resources, and neither can complete because they cannot obtain all locks necessary to complete an operation and release their locks."
"vpn","3235","A virtual private network (VPN) is a network that uses primarily public telecommunication infrastructure, such as the Internet, to provide remote offices or travelling users access to a central organizational network. Questions about configuring or using a VPN should be asked on Super User or Server Fault."
"sybase","3234","Sybase, a subsidiary of SAP, produces a variety of data management products. For their flagship RDBMS, Adaptive Server Enterprise, please use [sybase-ase]. For Adaptive Server Anywhere versions 6-9, use [sybase-asa]. For ASA v10 and above, use [sqlanywhere].  For the columnar data warehouse IQ, please use [sap-iq]"
"avro","3229","Apache Avro is a data serialization framework primarily used in Apache Hadoop."
"pyside","3223","Questions about using PySide, a Python Qt bindings project."
"root","3223","On Unix-like systems, a special user account used for system administration."
"onchange","3222","The onChange event gets triggered when the state of an element is changed. Many languages which work with a GUI support some form of a change-event. For example JavaScript and the JavsScript library jQuery (with the .change() function)."
"argparse","3222","A Python module for implementing command-line interfaces"
"correlation","3220","For questions regarding interdependence of variable quantities."
"mybatis","3219","MyBatis is a framework for mapping objects to relational databases with an emphasis on high performance and simplicity. XML descriptors or annotations couple the objects to SQL statements or stored procedures."
"watchkit","3218","WatchKit is an integral part of the Apple Watch experience for third-party applications. It contains the classes for creating Apple Watch applications and it ensures that an Apple Watch application can talk to its corresponding WatchKit extension. "
"aws-amplify","3217","AWS framework for rapidly developing backends for mobile and web applications."
"bdd","3217","BDD stands for Behavior Driven Development. It is related to, and derived from, TDD (Test Driven Development) and ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development). It differs from them in its language, preferring ""example"", ""scenario"" or ""specification"" to ""test""."
"flutter-web","3214","Questions related to Flutter for web support – currently (as of January 2021) is available on the beta channel. Flutter supports the generation of web content rendered using standards-based web technologies: HTML, CSS and JavaScript. With web support, you can compile existing Flutter code written in Dart into a client experience that can be embedded in the browser and deployed to any web server."
"scheduler","3212","A scheduler is a software component responsible for starting tasks at a given time. Many different scheduler implementations are possible, from very low-level and short-term (an operating system CPU or I/O scheduler) to high-level and long-term (a background application launcher)."
".net-assembly","3209","A group of classes and namespaces compiled into a binary file, written in a .NET-specific language such as C# or VB.NET."
"httpurlconnection","3206","HttpURLConnection instance is used to make a single request but the underlying network connection to the HTTP server may be transparently shared by other instances."
"datetimepicker","3205","GUI component that allows the user to select a date and a time and to display the date and time with a specified format."
"optional","3205","An immutable type that may contain a value or reference. Each instance of this type either contains a non-null value or reference, or contains nothing (in which case we say that the reference is ""absent""; it is never said to ""contain null"")."
"jlabel","3205","A Java Swing component to display a short text string or an image, or both."
"lwjgl","3204","The Lightweight Java Game Library (LWJGL) allows access to high performance crossplatform libraries such as OpenGL, OpenCL and OpenAL to write state of the art 2D and 3D applications with Java."
"cloud-foundry","3203","Cloud Foundry is an open Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), providing a choice of clouds, developer frameworks and application services. It is an open-source project and is available through a variety of private cloud distributions and public cloud instances, including CloudFoundry.org."
"jpa-2.0","3201","This tag is for questions about the version 2.0 of the Java Persistence API. The focus of JPA 2.0 was to address features that were present in some of the popular ORM vendors but could not gain consensus approval for JPA 1.0."
"android-espresso","3199","Espresso is a library which is used to write Android UI tests. It is also known as Google's Testing Tools For Android"
"physics","3198","Refers to real-world physics. For simulation of physics in games use the [game-physics] tag instead, for questions using an existing physics engine use [physics-engine]. Physics is a science that studies the interactions of energy and matter. Questions with this tag concern the simulation or implementation of real-world physics concepts in programming."
"forms-authentication","3195","Forms Authentication is a built-in and extensible system for authenticating users in an ASP.Net application that also maintains that authenticated session via a ticket (often stored as a cookie or query string parameter)."
"spring-kafka","3193","The Spring for Apache Kafka (spring-kafka) project applies core Spring concepts to the development of Apache Kafka-based messaging solutions."
"psql","3191","Primary interactive shell for PostgreSQL. NOT a synonym for PostgreSQL."
"liquibase","3190","Liquibase is an open source, database-independent library for tracking, managing and applying database changes. It is built on a simple premise: All database changes are stored in a human readable yet trackable form and checked into source control."
"move","3179","Usually refers to move semantics; consider using that tag instead. Move semantics is a programming language feature that allows a copy operation to be replaced by a more efficient ""move"" when the source object is a temporary or an otherwise expiring object."
"server-side-rendering","3179","Serverside rendering is a technique for rendering a client-side app on the server."
"bufferedreader","3175","Java class that reads text from a character-input stream, buffering characters so as to provide for an efficient reading of characters, arrays, and lines. "
"zeromq","3174","ZeroMQ (ZMQ, 0MQ, ØMQ) is a high-performance, asynchronous, transport-class agnostic, messaging library, aimed at use in scalable, distributed and/or concurrent applications. It provides a message queue, but unlike message-oriented middleware, a ZeroMQ system can run without a dedicated message broker. License: LGPL with static linking exception"
"data-manipulation","3173","Data manipulation is the process of altering data from a less useful state to a more useful state."
"mod-wsgi","3171","The mod_wsgi module is a python WSGI adapter module for Apache."
"google-docs","3167","Questions related to interacting with Google word processing Documents programmatically. Usage questions about the web application should be posted at Web Applications Stack Exchange."
"autodesk-forge","3167","For questions related to programmatically using the Autodesk Forge platform, including BIM 360 API, Viewer and Model Derivative."
"declaration","3162","Declaration is the part of the subprogram (procedure or function) which provides the protocol(header), but not the body of the subprogram."
"copy-paste","3162","For issues relating to cut, copy, and paste operations."
"android-contentprovider","3161","Content providers are one of the primary building blocks of Android applications, providing content to applications."
"bower","3160","Bower is a package manager for the web. Bower lets you easily install assets such as images, CSS and JavaScript, and manages dependencies for you."
"mamp","3160","The abbreviation ""MAMP"" stands for: Macintosh, Apache, MySQL and PHP. The OS X software application ""MAMP"" will quickly install the whole stack and provide a GUI for management."
"aspectj","3159","AspectJ is an aspect-oriented extension to the Java programming language that enables clean modularization of crosscutting concerns such as logging, error handling, standards enforcement and feature variations.  Use this tag for questions about the programmatic use of this extension. For downloads, support, IDE integration, & documentation, see the ""learn more"" for this tag."
"intel","3159","For issues related to Intel semiconductor chips and assemblies, Intel architectural features and ISA extensions, and Intel chips micro-architecture."
"visual-studio-2005","3156","Visual Studio 2005 is a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio integrated development environment product line for .NET-based and C++ development. Do not use this tag unless you have a specific question about Visual Studio -- not just a coding issue."
"codeigniter-2","3155","CodeIgniter 2.x is an old and no longer supported version of the popular PHP framework.  Please refer to the [codeigniter] tag for more information."
"libraries","3154","Use this tag for questions about software libraries. This tag is NOT for questions about computer programs used in public lending libraries or other brick-and-mortar libraries. Questions asking us to recommend or find a library are off-topic. "
"x11","3148","X11 is an extensible windowing system for bitmap displays. It forms the foundation of most Unix operating system GUIs."
"tailwind-css","3145","Tailwind CSS is a highly customizable, low-level CSS framework that gives you all of the building blocks you need to build bespoke designs without any annoying opinionated styles you have to fight to override."
"c++builder","3144","Embarcadero C++Builder is a RAD C++ environment (compiler system & IDE) and component framework for Windows, OS X, iOS and Android."
"web-component","3143","Web components are reusable client-side elements made using native code or third party libraries."
"coronasdk","3142","Corona is a mobile development framework for creating high-performance, multimedia-rich applications, games, eBooks etc. for Windows, macOS, Apple (iPhone, iPad, ...), Android devices and HTML5."
"custom-post-type","3142","A Custom type of content to the Open Source CMS System WordPress."
"okhttp","3142","An HTTP+HTTP/2 client for Android and Java applications."
"elastic-stack","3141","Elastic Stack combines the Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, and the Beats Framework to provide real-time insights of any type of structured or unstructured data."
"azure-application-insights","3140","For programming questions about Microsoft's Azure Application Insights, which is a monitoring service for deployed live applications, allowing collection of availability, performance, usage, and other diagnostic data. It supports web services, Windows Store apps, and Windows Phone 8 apps."
"commit","3140","Questions about committing a transaction or ""unit of work"" to a database, application or version control system."
"geocoding","3138","Geocoding is a method to find the coordinates (e.g. latitude and longitude) of a data record (e.g. an address or zip code) or of an object which represents some other geographic data (e.g. country name, landmark, etc)."
"release","3137","Refers to the act of finalizing a software building process for distribution to end-users. Do not use this tag if your question is about indicating that a chunk of memory can be reclaimed. Instead, use [memory-management]."
"payment","3136","The process of transferring money, normally in exchange for some product or service"
"eigen","3136","Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, and related algorithms. "
"github-api","3135","An API used to retrieve information about data on GitHub."
"guice","3135","Guice is a lightweight dependency injection framework for Java."
"unity5","3135","Unity 5 is a cross-platform game engine with a built-in IDE developed by Unity Technologies. It is a commercial development platform for creating games, interactive 2D and 3D applications, training simulations, and medical and architectural visualizations."
"acumatica","3130","Acumatica is a cloud- and browser-based enterprise resource planning system (ERP), which can be customized and extended via an SDK and interoperated with via a web services API. Only topics about interfaceing via the SDK or API are on topic."
"xlsx","3129","xlsx is the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Excel 2007 or higher."
"connection-pooling","3128","In software engineering, a connection pool is a cache of connections maintained so that the connections can be reused when future requests to the resource are required."
"expandablelistview","3127","ExpandableListView is a standard Android widget that shows items in a vertically scrolling two-level list. Groups can be expanded or collapsed to show/hide their child items.  Additional Information:  - Android Developer ExpandableListView"
"packages","3120","For questions relating to the use of or naming of packages in Java, Scala, Python and other languages."
"multilingual","3119","Refers to the use of more than one (natural) language.  This does not refer to the use of multiple programming languages."
"mstest","3118","Microsoft .NET Unit Testing Framework (MSTest)"
"basic-authentication","3118","Basic authentication is a method for a web browser or other client program to provide a user name and password when making a request."
"karate","3117","Use for questions regarding Karate, an open-source tool that combines API test-automation, mocks, performance-testing and UI automation - into a single, unified framework."
"nsurlconnection","3115","An NSURLConnection is the Apple Foundation Framework class that provides support to perform the loading of a URL request. It is deprecated and should be replaced by NSURLSession."
"semaphore","3114","A semaphore is a synchronization primitive that tracks how many of a limited number of resources are available."
"vertical-alignment","3109","Typically a style or other UI definition associated with the placement of an interface item in the vertical plane."
"shared-ptr","3108","Reference counted smart pointer class implementing shared ownership"
"perforce","3106","Perforce is a commercial, proprietary, centralized revision control system."
"razor-pages","3104","Apply to questions related to the Razor Pages Framework, which is a feature of ASP.NET Core starting in ASP.NET Core version 2.0."
"parquet","3102","Apache Parquet is a columnar storage format for Hadoop."
"flash-builder","3101","Adobe's official IDE for the Flex SDK and AIR SDK. Based on Eclipse."
"azure-service-fabric","3099","Azure Service Fabric is a distributed systems platform used to build scalable, reliable, and easily-managed applications for the cloud. Service Fabric addresses the challenges in developing and managing cloud applications. By using Service Fabric developers and administrators can avoid solving complex infrastructure problems and focus instead on implementing mission critical, demanding workloads knowing that they are scalable, reliable, and manageable."
"compact-framework","3095","Microsoft .Net Compact Framework (compact-framework, .netcf) is a constrained version of Microsoft .Net Framework designed for limited resource devices such as mobile phones, personal digital assistants and other embedded devices. Net Compact Framework also contains classes that are specific for mobile devices."
"series","3093","A Series object represents a data series. This may be represented as the SeriesCollection class (Java, C#) or Series class in Python Pandas."
"primes","3090","Primes or prime numbers are integers greater than 1 which are divisible only by themselves and 1, i.e.: 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, ... . "
"hibernate-mapping","3089","Hibernate uses mapping metadata to find out how to load and store objects of the persistent class. The Hibernate mapping could be specified using configuration files or annotations."
"trigonometry","3087","Trigonometry is a branch of mathematics that studies triangles and the relationships between their sides and the angles between sides"
"gremlin","3086","Gremlin is the graph traversal language and virtual machine of Apache TinkerPop™"
"thumbnails","3083","Thumbnails are reduced-size versions of pictures, used to help in recognizing and organizing them, serving the same role for images as a normal text index does for words. "
"ember-cli","3082","Node.js module which provides a command line interface (CLI) for developing Ember.js applications"
"here-api","3081","This is the tag for information about the HERE platform APIs, which allow you to embed HERE Maps into your own web and mobile apps, and retrieve map information such as addresses and coordinates."
"cart","3081","A web cart or online shopping cart is a web app used to shop online. **For questions related to CART -- Classification and Regression Trees -- use the tag [cart-analysis], or consider whether the topic is more appropriate for Cross Validated or Data Science Stack Exchange**"
"stylesheet","3079","DO NOT USE THIS TAG. Use [css] for CSS related issues and [xslt] for XSLT related issues instead."
"android-toolbar","3073","A Toolbar is a widget based generalization of action bars for use within layouts."
"spring-data-mongodb","3072","Spring Data for MongoDB is part of the Spring Data project which provides a familiar and consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities. The Spring Data MongoDB project provides integration with MongoDB document database. Key functional areas of Spring Data MongoDB are a POJO centric model for interacting with a MongoDB Collection and easily writing a Repository style data access layer."
"transformation","3072","Generally means modifying the shape or appearance of objects while preserving the content. Common applications are transformations of vectors, quaternions, matrices or XML files."
"raster","3071","A rectangular array of pixels. A Raster defines values for pixels occupying a particular rectangular area of the plane, not necessarily including (0, 0)."
"magento-1.9","3071","E-commerce PHP framework solution, which has a new responsive theme (rwd) in version 1.9"
"digital-signature","3068","mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document (Wikipedia). A cryptographic toolkit is often used along with a public-private key pair to digitally sign a message and to verify a message."
"facebook-fql","3068","Facebook Query Language (FQL) enables you to use a SQL-style interface to query the data exposed by the Graph API. It provides for some advanced features not available in the Graph API such as using the results of one query in another."
"repository-pattern","3065","The repository pattern provides a way to provide isolation between the data access layer of your application with the business layer. When using this tag on implementation heavy questions - tag the code language the implementation is written in."
"slf4j","3065","Simple Logging Facade for Java (SLF4J) serves as a simple facade or abstraction layer for various logging frameworks. Please also include a tag for the actual logging framework you're using if you are attempting to configure logging for your application."
"grammar","3064","A formal grammar is a set of production rules that describe how to form strings of valid syntax.  Formal Grammars are most often used to specify the syntax of a programming language."
"angularfire2","3063","AngularFire is the officially supported Angular binding for Firebase. The combination of Angular and Firebase provides a three-way data binding between your HTML, your JavaScript, and the Firebase database. This tag is for binding with Angular2+. Don't use this tag for binding with AngularJS."
"yocto","3061","An open source collaboration project that provides templates, tools and methods to help you create custom Linux-based systems for embedded products regardless of the hardware architecture"
"visibility","3057","Visibility is an attribute of an object. It may refer to the concept of having something visible (or not) on the graphical interface, or a symbol visibility in linkage. This tag should not be used in place of the more specific tags [tag:memory-visibility] or [tag:class-visibility]."
"kotlin-coroutines","3056","A language feature and a library introduced in Kotlin 1.3 that is used to implement the ""green threads"" model. It allows writing non-blocking IO code in a natural way, without resorting to futures or callbacks."
"equals","3053","Refers to Java equals method, indicating whether some object is ""equal to"" this one. "
"indentation","3051","Indenting is used to organize code by indicating blocks, closures, conditionals, and other constructs. It makes code easier to read, and in some languages is used to handle control flow."
"virtual","3051","An extensible or simulated artifact"
"gtk3","3047","The GIMP ToolKit (GTK+) in its version 3.x. GTK+ is a highly usable, feature-rich toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces (GUIs) that boasts cross platform compatibility and an easy to use API."
"app-config","3045",".NET application configuration files contain settings specific to an application."
"edit","3044","to modify (a computer file) by, for example, deleting, inserting, moving, or copying text."
"dagger-2","3044","Dagger 2 is a dependency injection framework for Java and Android. It implements the full stack with generated code"
"webpack-dev-server","3044","a Node.js based server that supports live reloading and is used for development of webpack powered applications."
"spring-security-oauth2","3039","Spring Security's deprecated implementation of the OAuth2 spec. For OAuth2 with Spring Security 5 use Spring Security tag. We don't get many questions on OAuth 1(a) but feel free to tag them here."
"spacy","3036","Industrial strength Natural Language Processing (NLP) with Python and Cython"
"libcurl","3035","Use this tag only for questions related to the multiprotocol internet transfer library, for question related to command line tool please use the specific curl tag"
"load-testing","3034","Load Testing: A type of performance testing conducted to evaluate the behavior of a component or system with increasing load, e.g. numbers of parallel users and/or numbers of transactions, to determine what load can be handled by the component or system."
"sharepoint-2007","3033","SharePoint 2007 is a Server Product from Microsoft. It is an Application Development Framework that helps you create web applications in no time. It combines collaboration and web publishing, providing a wide palette of functionality (Content Management, Search, wiki, blog etc.) all under its stack."
"shared-memory","3033","Memory that may be simultaneously accessed by multiple programs"
"normalization","3032","Use [tag:database-normalization] for normalizing database-structure, and [tag:unicode-normalization] for normalizing unicode text. Normalization refers to transformations which aim to reduce variation of various types of data and thereby allow more consistent processing, searching, sorting, comparison, etc."
"virtualhost","3031","The term Virtual Host refers to the practice of running more than one web site (such as www.company1.com and www.company2.com) on a single machine. Virtual hosts can be ""IP-based"", meaning that you have a different IP address for every web site, or ""name-based"", meaning that you have multiple names running on each IP address. The fact that they are running on the same physical server is not apparent to the end user."
"delphi-7","3030","Delphi 7, released in August 2002, is a version of Delphi for Windows 32 bit."
"git-merge","3030","git-merge is a git command which integrates changes from another branch by incorporating commits into the currently checked-out branch."
"publish","3029","To publish is the process to make something publicly available. This might be the stuff that happens inside a CRM system after editing an article and finally publishing it, or publishing a project artifact. "
"mathematical-optimization","3027","Mathematical optimization deals with maximizing or minimizing an objective function by choosing values from within an allowed feasible set of possible values. Mathematical optimization is often also referred to as mathematical programming or simply as optimization."
"arkit","3027","Apple ARKit is Augmented Reality SDK introduced in iOS 11.0, which integrates the iOS or iPadOS device RGB camera data, Motion Sensor data and LiDAR Scanner data to produce robust AR experiences."
"require","3026","In interpreted languages like Lua, PHP and Ruby, ""require"" is a statement that tells the interpreter to include a certain source-file at that position where the ""require"" statement has been placed."
"jndi","3025","The Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) is a Java API for a directory service that allows Java software clients to discover and look up data and objects via a name."
"associative-array","3023","An associative array is an abstract data type composed of a collection of unique keys mapped to a collection of values."
"image-uploading","3023","The process of moving images or similar files from a client machine to a server for storage and possible later display."
"python-unittest","3022","Python's standard library framework for testing."
"desktop-application","3019","An application that runs stand alone in a desktop or laptop computer. Contrast with ""Web-based application,"" which requires the Web browser to run."
"encode","3017","to convert some data (e.g. string, picture) to some representation (e.g. bytes, electrical signals)"
"destructor","3015","A special method in object-oriented programming which is invoked when an object is destroyed"
"sleep","3014","sleep is a system call that suspends a process or thread for a specified amount of time"
"carrierwave","3014","A modern ruby gem for file uploads in Rails and other frameworks, similar to paperclip and attachment_fu"
"entity-framework-migrations","3013","Migrations is a feature of Entity Framework that provides for detecting changes to a code(or database)-first model, and upgrading the database (or the model) schema based on those changes."
"azure-logic-apps","3010","Azure Logic Apps is a cloud service that helps you build automated business process and enterprise integration workflows through a visual designer. For more control, you can change the runtime by using the Logic Apps Workflow Definition Language. Logic Apps easily consume API apps such as Outlook 365, DropBox, and more. You can call logic apps with schedule-based triggers, webhook triggers, or programmatically."
"factory","3009","""Factory"" is a general term for object-oriented programming patterns which create objects. Instead of this tag, please use tags for the specific Gang of Four patterns [factory-method] or [abstract-factory] when appropriate."
"git-branch","3006","git-branch is the Git command that manages branches."
"data-mining","3005","Data mining is the process of analyzing large amounts of data in order to find patterns and commonalities."
"curve-fitting","3000","Fitting 1-D curve to data points, minimizing pre-defined error/loss function."
"quicksort","2999","Quicksort is a sorting algorithm invented by C. A. R. Hoare that has an average-case complexity of O(n log n) and worst-case quadratic complexity.  It is one of the fastest general-purpose sorting algorithms."
"dynamic-memory-allocation","2997","Dynamic memory allocation, usually in the context of languages without garbage collection or mandatory or automatic reference counting, refers to the process or asking the operating system for a variable sized block of memory."
"crop","2996","Crop refers to any issues relating to cropping images."
"sql-like","2995","The LIKE predicate is used to search for a specific pattern in a column."
"azureservicebus","2994","Microsoft Azure Service Bus provides a hosted, secure, and widely available infrastructure for widespread communication, large-scale event distribution, naming, and service publishing. Endpoints can be located behind network address translation (NAT) boundaries, or bound to frequently-changing, dynamically-assigned IP addresses, or both. Service Bus comes with a 99.9% uptime SLA."
"background-process","2994","A background process is a computer process that runs ""behind the scenes"" (i.e. in the background) and without user intervention. Typical tasks for these processes include logging, system monitoring, scheduling, and user notification."
"crm","2993","Customer Relationship Management (CRM) is a strategy for managing customer interaction. CRM software usually focus on sales, marketing and customer service."
"mysql-python","2989","Use this tag for questions about the MySQL-Python database connector library (MySQLdb). Do not use this tag for questions about MySQL Connector/Python (use the [mysql-connector-python] tag instead)."
"url-redirection","2988","URL redirection refers to bouncing a web request to another url"
"jquery-events","2987","These methods are used to register behaviors to take effect when the user interacts with the browser, and to further manipulate those registered behaviors. "
"raphael","2987","Raphaël is a cross platform JavaScript library for outputting vector graphics in both standards compliant SVG (for Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer 9+ ...) and VML for older versions of Internet Explorer."
"core-location","2986","This proprietary Apple framework for iOS and Mac OS X allows apps to obtain information on a device's current location (latitude, longitude, and on some devices, altitude), direction and speed. The framework also provides methods for monitoring regions and being notified as the devices enters and exits predetermined geographical regions."
"c++20","2985","C++20 is the version of C++ after C++17.  This tag should be used (along with the [C++] tag) for questions about C++ features specific to C++20."
"xib","2984","XIB is the file format for Interface Builder, which is a development tool for the Mac OS X & iOS platforms."
"java-7","2979","Java SE version 7 was released in 2011. The new features, in comparison to the version 6, include dynamic language support, compressed pointers, small language extensions, elliptic curve cryptography, new network protocols, the ability to use Strings as case values in a switch statement, and various system library extensions."
"gif","2979","GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is an image file format associated with "".gif"" file extension. Use this tag for questions involving this specific format."
"scatter-plot","2977","A scatter plot is a type of data visualization that reveals possible correlations between two variables. Data points are plotted on a two-dimensional plane using Cartesian coordinates. Use this tag if you have a programming question related to scatter plots, such as problems with computing or displaying the data. You should also tag which language or software libraries you are using."
"reduce","2977","Reduce refers to the second step in a MapReduce computation, a component of a larger scalable, parallel-izable algorithm."
"versioning","2976","Software versioning is the process of assigning either unique version names or unique version numbers to unique states of computer software. Within a given version number category (major, minor), these numbers are generally assigned in increasing order and correspond to new developments in the software."
"filepath","2976","File path, specifies a unique location in a file system."
"web-hosting","2975","Web hosting is a service that provides clients with the ability to make their content web-accesible by renting server space in a company's data center."
"traits","2968","In computer programming, a trait is a collection of methods, used as a ""simple conceptual model for structuring object oriented programs"""
"interrupt","2967","Use for questions related to interrupt signals and interrupt handling."
"remote-access","2964","Remote access is the connection to a data processing system from a remote location."
"nio","2963","NIO is Java 'New I/O' introduced in 1.4, providing non-blocking and multiplexed network I/O; 'direct' (native) buffers; file locks and mapped files; and character set codecs."
"git-bash","2963","Git Bash is a bash shell bundled with Git for Windows that enables use of Git from the command line."
"kubernetes-ingress","2961","Ingress gives you a way to route requests to services based on the request host or path, centralizing a number of services into a single entrypoint."
"urllib2","2960","urllib2 is a builtin python 2 module that defines functions and classes to help with URL actions. It is notably unsatisfactory and has been replaced in python 3 and by third-party libraries."
"android-constraintlayout","2959","A new type of layout available in the Android Support repository built on top of a flexible constraint system, marking views positions relative to each other."
"file-permissions","2956","For questions relating to file read/write permissions, user groups, executable bits etc. Be sure to include a tag for the operating system (Windows or Unix) and tag for operating system version."
"amazon-emr","2954","Amazon Elastic MapReduce (Amazon EMR) is a web service that enables businesses, researchers, data analysts, and developers to easily and cost-effectively process vast amounts of data. It utilizes a hosted Hadoop framework running on the web-scale infrastructure of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). "
"uistoryboard","2954","UIStoryboard is a screen flow layout mechanism introduced in iOS 5. Storyboards allow a developer to create a conceptual overview of the screens in an app and the connections/workflow among them. Storyboards can be implemented gradually in an existing application, and used in conjunction with XIBs."
"form-submit","2954","The submit event is sent to an element when the user is attempting to submit a form. It can only be attached to form elements. Forms can be submitted either by clicking an explicit <input type=""submit"">, <input type=""image"">, or <button type=""submit"">, or by pressing Enter when certain form elements have focus."
"nexus","2952","Nexus is a Repository Manager for Maven, NuGet and other binary artifact repositories. Repository managers serve two purposes: they act as highly configurable proxies between your organization and the public repositories and they also provide an organization with a deployment destination for your internally generated artifacts."
"apache-kafka-connect","2952","Apache Kafka Connect is a tool for scalable and reliable streaming data between Apache Kafka and other data systems."
".net-5","2952","The previous version of .NET, successor of both .NET Core and .NET Framework. Use this tag for questions about .NET 5 and .NET 5's formal specification."
"openapi","2951","The OpenAPI Specification, originally known as the Swagger Specification, is a specification for machine-readable interface files for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful Web services."
"orchardcms","2951","Orchard is a free, open source, community-focused Content Management System built on the ASP.NET MVC platform."
"device","2950","DO NOT USE. This tag is ambiguous. Questions about hardware not related to programming are off-topic."
"pixel","2950","A pixel is the smallest unit that can be represented or controlled on a display. The word pixel is derived from the phrase ""picture element"".  "
"drawable","2948","A Drawable is a graphics-related term which generally means ""something to be drawn."""
"layout-manager","2947","Layout Managers are a collection of standard Java based layout managers for AWT & Swing components. The managers handle the logic of how to size, position & align Components within a Container, and set the orientation of the container so that it is appropriate for the locale in which the program is running."
"distribution","2944","This tag concerns statistical distributions, their implementations, and properties."
"docker-swarm","2942","Docker Swarm is native clustering for Docker. It turns a pool of Docker hosts into a single, virtual host."
"collision","2941","The intersection of one or more objects or concepts, such as communications packets or function names. For questions about collision detection (in computer graphics) use the [collision-detection] tag instead."
"weka","2940","Weka (Waikato Environment for Knowledge Analysis) is an open source machine learning library written in Java. "
"jquery-ui-datepicker","2940","A datepicker widget from jQuery-ui which allows the user to select a date from a popup or inline calendar"
"sendmail","2938","DO NOT use as a general tag for sending email. This is about ""sendmail"", the general purpose email routing facility that supports mail transport via TCP/IP using SMTP"
"browserify","2935","Browserify is a tool that packages Node.js modules for a web browser."
"numpy-ndarray","2935","Numpy Ndarray refers to the N-dimensional array type that describes the collection of the same type in the Python library NumPy.  Use this tag for questions related to this array type."
"mongoose-schema","2934","Everything in the Mongoose ODM starts with a Schema. Each schema maps to a MongoDB collection and defines the shape of the documents within that collection."
"rdlc","2934","Client Report Definition (.rdlc) files are files that allow a ReportViewer control to use its built-in processing capability to generate a Sql Server Reporting Services (SSRS) report."
"doxygen","2933","Doxygen is a multilanguage documentation generation application for C++, C, Java, Objective-C, Python, IDL, Fortran, VHDL, PHP  and C# that supports a wide variety of output formats including RTF, HTML, XML and PDF."
"data-annotations","2933","Data Annotations are used by frameworks such as ASP.NET MVC to enable a model-based validation approach and enforce consistent validation throughout the application, both on client and server side. They were first introduced in ASP.NET MVC 2.  In addition to ASP.NET MVC, they can also be used with other technologies such as Entity Framework, either through manual placement of attributes on properties, or automatic generation with T4 templates."
"aggregation","2931","Aggregation is a relationship between two classes that is best described as a ""has-a"" and ""whole/part"" relationship."
"nspredicate","2930","The NSPredicate class is used in Mac OS X and iOS development to define logical conditions used to constrain a search either for a fetch or for in-memory filtering."
"typedef","2929","In C and C++, the typedef keyword allows you to create an alias for a known data type."
"uuid","2928","A UUID (Universally Unique IDentifier) is an identifier that is created with the intent of being, as the name suggests, universally unique."
"swig","2925","SWIG is an interface compiler that connects programs written in C and C++ with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, Ruby, and Tcl."
"setuptools","2922","setuptools is a set of enhancements to Python's distutils which simplify building, distribution and installation of Python packages."
"repeat","2922","""repeat"" refers to the action of doing something over again."
"android-xml","2922","Android projects use XML in several ways: defining the project and components, building layouts, defining animations, creating menus and specifying resources (static and dynamic) for the project."
"entity-framework-4.1","2920","This tag is for the ADO.NET Entity Framework 4.1, the first release of EF to ship separately from the .NET framework. It builds upon the core Entity Framework included in .NET 4.0 and was released to the public in March 2011."
"barcode","2918","This tag should be used for questions on how to generate, decode, or use barcodes in programs."
"importerror","2915","Refers to errors that result from attempting to import a module or library into one's code"
"openstack","2913","OpenStack is a collection of open source projects that enables an open, scalable cloud infrastructure. The core of OpenStack is meant to provide consistent APIs and interfaces to a variety of potential back-ends."
"x509certificate","2912","X509Certificate is the name of .NET and Java classes for handling X.509 certificates."
"search-engine","2912","A search engine is program that searches documents for specified keywords and returns a list of the documents where the keywords were found."
"boxplot","2911","Boxplot is a form of displaying cardinally scaled data displaying robust summary statistics as graphical elements."
"windows-authentication","2909","Integrated Windows Authentication is a term associated with Microsoft products that refers to the SPNEGO, Kerberos, and NTLM authentication protocols.    Use tag with Windows authentication generally; though it might be best to use one of the more protocol-specific tags (such as Kerberos or NTLM) if the protocol being used is known."
"abap","2908","ABAP is the programming language of SAP softwares R/3, S/4HANA, CRM and many others."
"blogger","2907","Use for questions about Google Blogger, a free service for blog publishing. Do not use for questions about blogging engines or tools."
"nsdateformatter","2907","Class that creates string representations of NSDate (and NSCalendarDate) objects, and convert textual representations of dates and times into NSDate objects."
"jtextfield","2906","JTextField is a Java Swing component that allows the editing of a single line of text."
"android-drawable","2906","In Android, a Drawable is a general abstraction for ""something that can be drawn."""
"gd","2906","GD Library is used to dynamically create and manipulate image files."
"angular-material2","2906","Angular Material is an implementation of Material Design in Angular 2/4/5/6. DO NOT use this tag for AngularJS Material questions."
"iis-6","2905","IIS (Internet Information Services) is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft as part of Windows. IIS version 6 is shipped with Windows Server 2003 and Windows XP Professional x64 Edition.    Both Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 are end of life, so migration to newer releases must be done."
"jodatime","2903","Joda-Time provides a quality replacement for the Java date and time classes. The design allows for multiple calendar systems, while still providing a simple API."
"tls1.2","2898","Transport Layer Security (TLS) is a cryptographic protocol designed to provide communications security over a computer network."
"master-pages","2897","a feature of ASP.NET that allows template-based page development."
"obfuscation","2897","Obfuscation is the process by which the code is altered so that a developer finds it much harder to understand clearly what the intended program does or how it operates. The larger the program the greater the obfuscation, as code becomes intertwined linking different segments through out the program."
"asterisk","2896","GENERAL ASTERISK SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com. Server support like ""please read this output and say what is wrong"" or configuration is OFF-TOPIC. Asterisk is a PBX software whose main aim is to route audio/video calls. It is released under a dual license: the GNU General Public License (GPL) and a commercial license. "
"aws-glue","2893","AWS Glue is a fully managed ETL (extract, transform, and load) service that can categorize your data, clean it, enrich it, and move it between various data stores. AWS Glue consists of a central data repository known as the AWS Glue Data Catalog, an ETL engine that automatically generates Python code, and a scheduler that handles dependency resolution, job monitoring, and retries. AWS Glue is serverless, so there's no infrastructure to manage."
"bouncycastle","2888","Bouncy Castle is a cryptography API providing various cryptography, encryption, and security protocols. There are fairly similar libraries in both C# and Java that implement the API. Additionally, Bouncy Castle provides a JCE-compliant crypto provider for Java."
"spatial","2887","Spatial data types store geometric data, that is data related to an object's position in space."
"tweepy","2885","An easy-to-use Python library for accessing the Twitter API. It can be used with Python (2.7 and 3.5+)."
"sendgrid","2881","Cloud-based email infrastructure and delivery engine, with integration via SMTP and HTTP API. Also offers analytics and newsletter functionality."
"plone","2881","Plone is a content management system (CMS) written in Python. Its strengths are in intranets, websites and document management. It has support for multilingual content and versioning."
"sql-delete","2879","The SQL DELETE statement allows you to delete a single row or multiple rows from a SQL table."
"raspbian","2879","Raspbian is a free Debian-based OS for the Raspberry-Pi computer. Use this tag for questions that involve utilities or setup or application development under the Raspbian operating system. For questions concerning Raspberry Pi hardware use a raspberry-pi tag. Include a programming language tag if needed and if the post is about the GPIO then include that tag as well."
"blender","2878","Blender is the free open source 3D content creation suite, available for all major operating systems under the GNU General Public License. Also see the https://blender.stackexchange.com Stack Exchange site for more Blender-related questions."
"freemarker","2878","FreeMarker is a Java based template engine, a generic tool to generate text output (anything from HTML to autogenerated source code) based on templates. It's a Java package, a class library for Java programmers. It's not an application for end-users in itself, but something that programmers can embed into their products."
"main","2874","In many programming languages, the main function, subroutine, or method marks the entry point of the program.  It is generally the first-programmer-written function run when a program starts."
"deep-linking","2871","In the World Wide Web, deep linking is the usage of a hyperlink that is expressed as an absolute URL (i.e. http://example.com/path/page), vs. a relative one (i.e. /path/page). Deep links to other web sites can be desired or not by the site the link points to."
"glob","2870","globs, more properly called [shell] patterns, and also known as wildcard expressions, are instances of a pattern-matching language used in many, esp. POSIX-like shells, to match filenames and strings: e.g., `*.c` is a glob for C source files and matches any file whose suffix (extension) is `.c`."
"fs","2869","File I/O in the Node.js Javascript platform"
"mp4","2867","MP4 is a multimedia container format standard with the file extension .mp4. It can be used to store digital audio/video streams, in addition to other multimedia."
"angular2-template","2863","For questions referencing Angular Template Syntax including: interpolation, input(property) bindings, output(event) bindings, two-way binding, local variables, star syntax, etc. This tag is specific to angular version 2.x and above"
"fetch-api","2863","The Fetch API is an improved replacement for XHR, for making asynchronous HTTP requests while better managing  redirects and interaction with CORS and Service Workers."
"kubectl","2861","The Kubernetes command-line tool, kubectl, allows you to run commands against Kubernetes clusters. You can use kubectl to deploy applications, inspect and manage cluster resources, and view logs."
"document","2855","Is a term that in computer science can refer to various file types containing usually human readable information, if opened with appropriate software."
"loopbackjs","2855","LoopBack is an open source Node.js framework built on top of Express.js optimized for mobile, web, and other devices. Connect to multiple data sources, write business logic in Node.js, glue on top of your existing services and data, build REST APIs and connect using JavaScript, iOS, and Android SDKs."
"uwp-xaml","2852","This tag is for the XAML UI framework specific to Windows-Store-Apps on Windows 10, part of the Universal Windows Platform (UWP)."
"compatibility","2851","This tag should be used to identify questions regarding compatibility issues, for example between different versions of the same software product or, development kit or library."
"mvvm-light","2850","The MVVM Light Toolkit is a set of components helping people to get started with the Model - View - ViewModel pattern in Silverlight, WPF, Xamarin, .NET Core and Windows Phone. It is a light and pragmatic framework that contains only the essential components needed. "
"database-schema","2846","A description of the structure of the database - including the structure of the tables, columns, constraints, views, etc, etc... that make up the database.Normally defined in the text, generally SQL in an RDBMS, the schema describes the complete blueprint for the database, defining everything about the database except that data itself."
"graph-algorithm","2845","Graph Algorithms are a sequence of well-defined steps that will solve a problem related to Graph Theory, where a Graph in this context is a collection of vertices (""nodes"") and edges that connect these vertices."
"caffe","2843","Caffe is a fast deep learning framework. It supports CPU and GPU processing. Caffe is released under the BSD 2-Clause license. It is based on C++ but provides APIs for Python and Matlab."
"uwsgi","2841","uWSGI is a fast, self-healing and developer/sysadmin-friendly application container server coded in pure C."
"cpu-architecture","2840","The hardware microarchitecture (x86, x86_64, ARM, ...) of a CPU or microcontroller."
"rcpp","2835","Rcpp provides seamless integration of C++ code in R."
"vscode-extensions","2835","Visual Studio Code Extension API and extension development"
"ros","2834","ROS (Robot Operating System) provides libraries and tools to help software developers create robotics applications. It provides hardware abstraction, device drivers, libraries, visualizers, message-passing, package management, and more.  If your question is rather about hardware than code, you may also want to consider asking your question on *robotics* stack exchange."
"currency","2833","Currency is a medium of exchange of value, usually referring to government issued denominations."
"javadoc","2832","Javadoc is an extensible documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Java source code and generates compiled documentation.  It is typically used to produce API documentation in the form of HTML web pages."
"gdi+","2830","The Graphics Device Interface (GDI) is a Microsoft Windows application programming interface and core operating system component responsible for representing graphical objects and transmitting them to output devices such as monitors and printers. -Wikipedia"
"ios10","2830","iOS 10 is the tenth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system. It was announced at the company's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 13, 2016.  The ios10 tag should be used for questions specific to Apple's iOS 10 operating system. General iOS questions should use the ios tag."
"calayer","2828","CALayer is a Core Animation class in the Quartz Core framework. It encapsulates the geometry and presentation of a layer. It supports animations of the layer's geometry and its content."
"delimiter","2828","A delimiter is a sequence of one or more characters used to specify the boundary between separate, independent regions in plain text or other data streams."
"ubuntu-12.04","2826","The previous LTS release of Ubuntu, code-named Precise Pangolin. Released on 26th April, 2012. You should only use this tag if your question is hardware or version-specific."
"wav","2826","This tag is for questions related to the ""Waveform Audio File Format"", WAVE, or wav for short."
"jruby","2825","JRuby is an open-source Java implementation of the Ruby programming language. It is Ruby for the JVM. Using idiomatic Ruby syntax, JRuby can consume Java classes and libraries with ease. "
"drupal-8","2824","Drupal 8 is the Drupal version that was officially released on November 19, 2015. Rather than using this tag, consider posting your question directly on https://drupal.stackexchange.com/."
"key-value","2822","A key-value pair is a set of two linked data items: a key which uniquely identifies some item of data, and the value, which is either the data that is identified or a pointer to the location of that data. Key-value pairs are frequently used in lookup tables, hash tables and configuration files. "
"parent","2821","In an oriented tree, the parent is the previous node before the node of interest. The word parent can then be used in countless abstractions of computer science. The container of contained graphic or logic items can be called a parent. The inherited class in OOP can be called the parent. "
"axis","2821","Don't use the [axis] tag to refer to Apache Axis. Use [apache-axis] instead; see: https://meta.stackoverflow.com/q/276302/"
"use-effect","2820","Questions related to the use of 'useEffect', which is a reactjs hook."
"wireshark","2819","Wireshark is a network capture and protocol analyzer tool. If this question isn't directly about programming, consider asking it on Super User or Network Engineering instead of here."
"freeze","2818","freeze in programming refers to a condition where in the concerned code or system becomes unresponsive. "
"asmx","2817","The web service technology from .NET 1.0, now considered a ""legacy technology""."
"cdn","2817","A content delivery network or content distribution network (CDN) is a system of computers containing copies of data placed at various nodes of a network."
"attachment","2815","Any additional content added to a digital object, such as an email attachment."
"crashlytics","2814","a mobile service for building crash reporting for iOS and Android, part of Firebase"
"firewall","2812","GENERAL FIREWALL SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com. A firewall is a network security device or software.  Please specify the brand and model or version in your question."
"data-modeling","2811","Data modeling questions refer to the techniques used to gather and analyze data requirements needed to support data operations in programs and systems."
"wso2-am","2809","WSO2 API Manager is a complete solution for designing and publishing APIs, creating and managing a developer community, and for scalably routing API traffic."
"simple-form","2809","Questions about ""Simple Form"" which generates view code for forms in Rails. This tag is NOT related to ""SimpleForm"" in OpenUI5."
"microsoft-dynamics","2804","Microsoft Dynamics is a line of ERP and CRM applications. This tag can cover any of the products in the Dynamics family (CRM, AX, GP, NAV, SL, C5). These products have little in common beside the name, please do NOT use this tag."
"filereader","2801","`FileReader` can refer either to the `java.io.FileReader` class for reading files as text in a file system in Java, or to a similar class in JavaScript to access files on a local machine.  See the description for more details."
"greasemonkey","2798","OBSOLETE as of Firefox 57.  Use [greasemonkey-4] or [tampermonkey] as applicable.  If using some other browser userscript engine, use [userscripts]."
"android-5.0-lollipop","2797","Android Lollipop, formerly known as just ""Android L"", was first shown at Google I/O 2014. The final name was confirmed on October 15th. It supports API Level 21."
"android-source","2795","Questions about the source code and building of Android itself, contributing to the Android project, Android kernel development and porting.  Do not use for Android application development questions except where specific to building applications as pre-packaged parts of the system."
"sip","2795","The Session Initiation Protocol, defined in ""RFC 3261"", is an application layer signalling protocol for establishing and modifying long-running relationships between two or more peers.  (NB: for questions about the SIP python bindings generator, use the [python-sip] tag)."
"fopen","2794","fopen opens a file resource, in order to read, write or append content to it."
"jsonschema","2794","A JSON Schema is a JSON document (an object) which defines constraints on what other JSON documents (the instances) should obey; it can also be used to interpret instances so as to provide links to external resources (hyper schema)."
"moodle","2793","Moodle is an open source learning management system (LMS) written in PHP."
"bitwise-operators","2792","Operators which are used to perform manipulation at bit-level.The programming languages are Byte oriented whereas the hardware is bit oriented.Therefore, being able to operate on bit level can be very important in programming,especially when the program directly interact with the hardware."
"purrr","2791","purrr enhances R’s functional programming toolkit by providing a complete and consistent set of tools for working with functions and vectors, such as map() and reduce()."
"saml-2.0","2789","Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0 (SAML 2.0) is a standard providing means to exchange authentication and authorization data between security domains. It is typically used to achieve cross-domain single sign-on (SSO) and creation of security tokens."
"offset","2788","The relational position of an entity, when compared to another entity with fixed position. Typically used, for example, to define location within a file or byte buffer from which information should be read."
"apollo-client","2788","Apollo Client is a JavaScript library for building client UIs that fetch data using GraphQL."
"flex3","2786","Adobe Flex is a software development kit (SDK) released by Adobe Systems for the development and deployment of cross-platform rich Internet applications based on the Adobe Flash platform."
"contains","2785","The ""contains"" operator/method is used to determine if an entity collection contains an element with a particular property."
"latitude-longitude","2785","Managing data about geographic point locations, using a latitude-longitude pair (degrees north/south, and east/west, respectively) per point."
"indexoutofboundsexception","2784","An exception that occurs when you attempt to access an object that is outside the boundaries of the container. Common containers are arrays or array-based objects. This is a language-independent tag."
"python-2.x","2783","For questions about Python programming that are specific to version 2.x of the language. Use the more generic [python] tag for all Python questions, and only add this tag if your question is version-specific."
"partitioning","2783","Partitioning is a performance strategy whereby you divide possibly very large groups of data into some number of smaller groups of data."
"innerhtml","2780","innerHTML is a DOM node's property that gets or sets the inner HTML code of an HTML element. It is commonly used in Javascript to dynamically change or read from a page."
"chai","2780","Chai is a BDD/TDD assertion library for Node.js and browsers that can be used with any Javascript testing framework. "
"datetime-format","2780","datetime-format is a transformation of a timestamp from an industry standard format, such as UTC or ISO, to a format which conforms to the standards of a particular locale or audience"
"iphone-sdk-3.0","2778","Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.0."
"transpose","2778","Transposition is an operation that applies to matrices wherein the rows and columns are swapped"
"new-operator","2777","new is a language construct that dynamically allocates memory from free store and initialises the memory using the constructor. "
"instagram-api","2777","The Instagram API enables the integration of Instagram's photos\videos content and functionality into a website, application or a device. Tag specific questions about the use of Instagram API."
"video-processing","2776","Video processing deals mostly with filtering video frames. Most common filters are noise removal, contrast and color modifications. For questions related to trimming and modifying videos use [video-editing], and [video-encoding] for questions related to editing videos into any format."
"prototypejs","2773","Prototype is a JavaScript Framework that extends built-in classes to ease JS development. Do not use this tag for questions about the JS prototype object extension, as that is unrelated"
"angular-ui","2772","AngularUI is the enhancement companion suite to the AngularJS framework. It contains UI widgets and directives that are not part of the AngularJS core but are commonly needed in a project."
"windows-server-2008","2770","Windows Server 2008 (sometimes abbreviated as ""Win2K8"") is one of Microsoft Windows' server line of operating systems. Released to manufacturing on February 4, 2008, and officially released on February 27, 2008, it is the successor to Windows Server 2003, released nearly five years earlier. A second release, named Windows Server 2008 R2, was released to manufacturing on July 22, 2009. Like Win Vista and Win 7, Win Server 2008 is based on Windows NT 6.x."
"compiler-optimization","2770","Compiler optimization involves adapting a compiler to reduce run-time or object size or both.  This can be accomplished using compiler arguments (i.e. CFLAGS, LDFLAGS), compiler plugins (DEHYDRA for instance) or direct modifications to the compiler (such as modifying source code)."
"swipe","2769","A quick motion gesture across the touchscreen."
"crontab","2769","A crontab file specifies shell commands to run periodically on a given schedule.  Please review the tag wiki for troubleshooting tips before posting!"
"repeater","2769","The Repeater control is used to display a repeated list of items that are bound to the control."
"slim","2763","Slim for PHP is a RESTful micro framework for PHP 5 inspired by Sinatra."
"min","2759","Minimum value. Smallest, tiniest, least."
"blogs","2757","A hip and trendy journal for the web. Should be used for rare questions about blogs, not questions on specific blogging software. Don't mix with blogging software tags like wordpress, blogger, medium, etc"
"system-verilog","2757","SystemVerilog is a unified hardware design, specification, and verification language based on extensions to Verilog."
"array-formulas","2756","A formula that works with an array as opposed to single data values"
"observablecollection","2756","ObservableCollection is a .NET collection class that sends event notifications when items are added, removed, replaced, moved, or reordered in the collection, or when the entire contents of the collection are replaced."
"windbg","2756","WinDbg is a user and kernel mode debugger for Windows. It can be used to debug both native and managed code. "
"breakpoints","2753","A breakpoint is a mechanism offered by a development environment that allows to interrupt and suspend the execution of a program for debugging purpose, in view of resuming the execution.  "
"castle-windsor","2753","Castle Windsor is an Inversion of Control container for .NET.  There is comprehensive documentation available which can answer most of your questions so it's always worthwhile to RTM first.  Also check out its group on Google groups, which is where most of Castle experts hang out. "
"identity","2753","An inherent property of an entity that distinguishes that entity from all others. Frequently used to refer to user identity and authentication."
"private","2752","Private is a way of encapsulation in object-oriented programming."
"solaris","2749","Solaris is a commercial Unix operating system sold by Oracle, previously (before 2010) from Sun Microsystems.  It can run on SPARC or x86 hardware."
"git-submodules","2749","Submodules allow you to keep a Git repository as a subdirectory of another Git repository."
"viewcontroller","2747","viewcontroller is a design pattern which is a hybrid of the view and controller components of the MVC architecture "
"v8","2747","V8 is Google's open source JavaScript engine."
"paint","2747","The act of displaying a GUI component on a screen output device"
"avaudioplayer","2746","Apple’s AVFoundation framework includes AVAudioPlayer, an easy, feature rich, Objective-C based API for playing audio files."
"pie-chart","2746","A pie chart is a circular representation of data divided into sections by the drawing of radii."
"nest","2746","NEST is a .NET client for elasticsearch"
"browser-cache","2745","Browser caches are an instance of the optimization mechanism known as a cache."
"wear-os","2745","Wear OS is an operating system extended from the Android platform that powers a new generation of wearable devices"
"itertools","2744","A standard library module for Python with utilities for iterables. Also add the python tag for increased visibility."
"docx","2742",".docx is the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Word 2007 or higher.  Use this tag when you are working with .docx files programmatically, such as generating .docx, extracting data from .docx or editing a .docx"
"swift5","2742","Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 5 of Apple's Swift programming language. Use the tag [swift] for more general language questions, or the tags [ios], [cocoa], [apple-watch] etc. for questions about developing on Apple platforms."
"jython","2741","Jython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.  Use this tag for questions specific to this implementation, general Python questions should just be tagged with ""python""."
"criteria","2740","Mechanism typical to ORM frameworks that allows the creation of queries against a database in a dynamic and object-oriented fashion. When writing a query using Criteria one uses an API instead of writing a query using a defined language (SQL)."
"userform","2738","A customizable GUI that interfaces easily with VBA when working with Microsoft Office products."
"firebug","2737","Firebug was a Firefox extension, which allowed the debugging, editing, and monitoring of any website's CSS, HTML, DOM, JavaScript, network traffic and cookies.  You should just use this tag in case the question is directly related to Firebug itself and not a website you are debugging with Firebug."
"slack","2737","Slack is a proprietary cloud-based team collaboration tool. "
"php-7","2735","PHP 7 is the successor to PHP 5.6, it was released on December 3, 2015. Use this tag for issues relating to development using PHP 7"
"roles","2735","In various access control systems, roles define a group of users and organize permissions into a more manageable structure."
"entity-relationship","2733","An entity-relationship model (ERM) is an abstract and conceptual representation of data, information aspects of a business domain or its process requirements. Ultimately ERM is being implemented in a database. "
"junit5","2733","Version 5 of the popular JUnit testing framework for the JVM. JUnit is a framework for writing repeatable tests. It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks."
"hardware","2732","Programming questions related to the physical components of a computer.  Please specify the model of your hardware in your question."
"tokenize","2731","Tokenizing is the act of splitting a string into discrete elements called tokens."
"breeze","2730","Breeze is a JavaScript library that helps manage data in a rich client application. You can query and save data as complex object graphs, and share these graphs across multiple screens of your JavaScript client."
"cpu-usage","2728","CPU usage indicate how much of a workload is being handled by the CPU."
"ping","2727","Ping is a computer network administration utility used to test the reachability of a host on an Internet Protocol (IP) network and to measure the round-trip time for messages sent from the originating host to a destination computer."
"surfaceview","2724","SurfaceView is a widget on the Android platform which provides a dedicated drawing surface."
"multi-tenant","2721","A principle in software architecture where a single instance of the software runs on a server, serving multiple client organizations (tenants)."
"azure-mobile-services","2721","Windows Azure Mobile Apps provides a turnkey backend solution to power your mobile app by allowing you to easily add  structured storage, user authentication and push notifications to your iOS, Android, Cordova, Windows (UWP) and Windows Phone (8.1) apps."
"webcam","2721","A webcam is a video camera that feeds its images in real time to a computer or computer network, often via USB, ethernet, or Wi-Fi."
"hook-woocommerce","2719","Use this tag for questions related to WooCommerce hooks. Hooks essentially allow you to change or add code without editing core files. They are used extensively throughout WordPress and WooCommerce and are very useful for developers."
"kinect","2718","Microsoft's Kinect is a motion sensing input device for the Xbox 360, Xbox One and PCs. Combining video and depth cameras, the Kinect allows developers to create a touchless and immersive user experience through voice, movement and gesture control."
"cllocationmanager","2717","The CLLocationManager class defines the interface for configuring the delivery of location- and heading-related events to your application"
"viewport","2716","A viewport is a rectangular viewing region in computer graphics, or a term used for optical components. It has several definitions in different contexts.A viewport is a region of the screen used to display a portion of the total image to be shown. Also it can be a group of regions that together make  one layout."
"onedrive","2715","For PROGRAMMING questions about Microsoft OneDrive. Stack Overflow is NOT FOR GENERAL COMPUTING or CUSTOMER SUPPORT questions about OneDrive. OneDrive, formerly known as SkyDrive, is a cloud-based file hosting service, supported with SDKs and a REST API. (FOR NON-PROGRAMMING QUESTIONS, contact  Microsoft customer support.)"
"publish-subscribe","2714","Publish/subscribe is a messaging pattern where senders (publishers) of messages do not program the messages to be sent directly to specific receivers (subscribers). Rather, published messages are characterized into channels, without knowledge of what, if any, subscribers there may be."
"simulink","2714","Simulink® is an environment developed by The MathWorks for multidomain simulation and Model-Based Design for dynamic and embedded systems."
"highlight","2711","is for questions involving the highlighting of text or other visual elements."
"record","2711","A record in programming is a data type with labels to access fields of the record."
"wso2is","2709","WSO2 Identity Server enables enterprise architects and developers to improve customer experience by reducing identity provisioning time, guaranteeing secure online interactions, and delivering a reduced single sign-on environment."
"startup","2708","Startup usually refers to the processes or events that occur at the start of a program, at the beginning of execution of a code block, or when a device is first booted."
"restkit","2707","RestKit is an Objective-C framework for iOS that aims to make interacting with RESTful web services simple, fast and fun. It combines a clean, simple HTTP request/response API with a powerful object mapping system that reduces the amount of code you need to write to get stuff done."
"blazor-server-side","2705","Server-side Blazor is a web framework from Microsoft to create single page apps running on the server. Changes to the DOM and events in the browser are communicated via a SignalR connection. Blazor is built on ASP.NET Core."
"paypal-ipn","2703","Paypal IPN (Instant Payment Notification) is PayPal's push notification service that sends a notification when a transaction is created or has a status change"
"binaryfiles","2701","A binary file is a computer file which may contain any type of data, encoded in binary form for computer storage and processing purposes."
"svelte","2701","Svelte is a component framework — like React or Vue. On-topic questions include code using Svelte and how to configure it and use it in your javascript pipelines."
"windows-ce","2700","Microsoft Windows CE (now officially known as Windows Embedded Compact and previously also known as Windows Embedded CE, and sometimes abbreviated WinCE) is an operating system developed by Microsoft for embedded systems."
"semantic-ui","2698","Semantic UI is a development framework for creating responsive layouts using human-friendly HTML and Javascript."
"joomla2.5","2694","Joomla! is an open-source CMS written in PHP and powered by an MVC-oriented framework. Please note that version 2.5 is no longer a supported release and it's highly recommended to upgrade to the latest version. Joomla! questions about programming and administration are best asked on https://joomla.stackexchange.com"
"postback","2694","A postback is a technique in web development in which a page sends an HTTP POST back to the same form on the server."
"sinon","2690","Sinon is a mocking framework for JavaScript, which can create spies, stubs and mocks."
"fstream","2689","fstream provides an iostream interface for file I/O in C++."
"abstract-syntax-tree","2689","Abstract syntax trees (ASTs) represent the recursive structure of a formal document (program source code)."
"serverless","2689","Serverless computing is a cloud computing execution model in which the cloud provider dynamically manages the allocation of machine resources. Pricing is based on the actual amount of resources consumed by an application, rather than on pre-purchased units of capacity. It is a form of utility computing."
"captcha","2685","Captcha is a type of challenge-response test used in computing as an attempt to ensure that the response is given by a human being and not generated by a computer."
"google-forms","2684","Questions related to interacting programmatically with the Google Forms service through the internal api or the external api. A language tag should also be included, e.g. [google-apps-script], [python]. Questions about general use of Google Apps should be posted on Web Applications Stack Exchange. "
"partial-views","2683","User control in Asp.Net Web forms that is used for code re-usability. Partial views helps us to reduce code duplication . Reusable views like as Header and Footer views ."
"aframe","2683","For anything related to A-Frame (aframe.io). A-Frame is a web framework for building virtual reality experiences.   A-Frame lets us build scenes with HTML while having unlimited access to JavaScript, three.js, and all existing Web APIs. A-Frame is an entity-component-system framework that promotes composition and extensibility. With WebVR, most headsets/controllers can be used with A-Frame: Vive, Rift, Daydream, GearVR, Cardboard, or plain 2D mode."
"jfreechart","2682","JFreeChart is a free Java chart library with many available chart types and support for numerous output types. The latest version is 1.5.0 released on 2017-11-05.  The license is LGPLv2 (or later)."
"gitignore","2682",".gitignore is a file that lists files, directories, and/or path patterns that Git should not include as part of a repository."
"graphviz","2682","Graphviz, developed by AT&T Research Labs, is the leading application for layout and drawing of graphs (objects comprised of vertices connected by edges). It includes the dot language, a complete syntax for graph description and a set of layout engines. Graphviz is free and open source."
"multer","2681","Multer is a node.js component used to handle multipart/form-data uploads."
"webpage","2681","A web page or webpage is a document or information resource that is accessible via the Internet or a local file that can be accessed through a web browser and displayed on a monitor or mobile device."
"voip","2680","Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) is one of a family of internet technologies, communication protocols, and transmission technologies for delivery of voice communications and multimedia sessions over Internet Protocol (IP) networks, such as the Internet. VoIP protocols can be further subdivided into Signalling and Media Protocols. Signalling protocols are used to establish VoIP sessions while the Media Protocols carry actual voice traffic."
"filestream","2679","In .NET framework filestream exposes a Stream around a file, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous read and write operations.  ActionScript 3 for AIR 2 and above also uses FileStream, which supports both synchronous and asynchronous read and write operations."
"hazelcast","2679","Hazelcast is an open source In-Memory Data Grid platform. The architecture supports high scalability and data distribution in a clustered environment.  It supports auto-discovery of nodes and intelligent synchronization."
"jscrollpane","2679","The tag jscrollpane could be used for questions about two topics: 1) a Java Swing component named JScrollPane, 2) a jQuery plugin. Please verify the companion tags to clarify the context of the question."
"domdocument","2678","DOMDocument refers to a class encapsulating the DOM (Document Object Model).  Various languages and technologies use the name DOMDocument for this PHP, COM, C++, ActiveX"
"turtle-graphics","2678","A method for drawing computer graphics using a cursor, known as a turtle. Turtle-graphics supports game development, visualizations, animation, etc."
"word-wrap","2676","In text display, line wrap is the feature of continuing on a new line when a line is full, such that each line fits in the viewable window, allowing text to be read from top to bottom without any horizontal scrolling."
"nested-lists","2674","This tag refers to a structure in which two or more lists are placed in a ""nested"" form (i.e. one list is contained within another)."
"gnu","2673","This tag is for programming questions related to software and tools provided by the GNU (""GNU's Not Unix"") project."
"hierarchy","2672","For issues relating to creating, maintaining, or displaying a hierarchy of data or resources, etc."
"android-softkeyboard","2671","The default onscreen input method provided by Android OS."
"dos","2670","A family of disk-based operating systems (Disk Operating System) for mainframes and minicomputers in the 1960s and 1970s, and subsequently IBM PCs and compatibles of the 1980s and 1990s, including MS-DOS. DO NOT USE THIS TAG FOR QUESTIONS ABOUT THE WINDOWS COMMAND PROMPT! Instead, use the [windows], [batch-file], [windows-console], and/or [cmd] tags. For questions about denial-of-service (DoS) attacks, use [denial-of-service]."
"acl","2670","An access control list (ACL), with respect to a computer file system, is a list of permissions attached to an object."
"dependency-management","2669","The management of dependencies, for example third party libraries, that are used by a software project."
"distributed-computing","2668","Utilizing more than one computer, connected to each other with a communication link to accomplish a common task."
"na","2667","NA is a missing value indicator (Not Available) in the R language."
"binary-search","2666","Binary search is an efficient algorithm for finding an element in a sorted array. The basic idea is to cut the search space in half in each step.  The complexity of the algorithm is O(log(n))."
"rdbms","2664","A relational database management system (RDBMS) is a database management system (DBMS) in which data is stored in tables and the relationships among the data are also stored in tables."
"intervals","2664","Intervals are used to measure “distance” between values."
"dapper","2662","Dapper is a micro-ORM for .NET developed and used by the Stack Overflow team, focusing on raw performance as the primary aim."
"package.json","2662","All npm packages contain a file, usually in the project root, called package.json. This file holds various metadata relevant to the project. This file is used to give information to npm that allows it to identify the project as well as handle the project's dependencies."
"orientdb","2661","OrientDB is a multi-Model, Open Source, NoSQL, DBMS that combines the power of graphs and the flexibility of documents into one scalable, high-performance operational database."
"roslyn","2660","Roslyn (aka .NET Compiler Platform) provides open-source C# and Visual Basic compilers with rich code analysis APIs. It enables building code analysis tools with the same APIs that are used by Visual Studio."
"positioning","2660","This tag is ambiguous. DO NOT USE THIS TAG. - Please use (or create, if appropriate) other, more specific tags."
"icloud","2659","iCloud is a web service from Apple Inc. that allows users to store data such as music files and automatically sync them between multiple devices such as: iPhones, iPods, iPads, and personal computers. Note that iCloud is a different API than Apple's CloudKit service."
"kendo-asp.net-mvc","2659","Questions regarding server side wrappers enabling the use of Kendo UI widgets from C# or VB."
"phonegap-build","2659"," 'Phonegap Build', an Adobe cloud service, allows you to upload your HTML, CSS, and Javascript to their build service and returns you your complete package. It removes the need for local build servers and SDK's for each destination platform."
"nullreferenceexception","2658","The .NET exception that is thrown when there is an attempt to reference (or use) a null or uninitialized object."
"ksh","2658","The KornShell is an open source, POSIX-compatible shell language from AT&T based upon the original Bourne shell. Make sure you know whether your ksh is ksh93 or a clone."
"registration","2657","Registration is a process through which a person or entity provides some necessary information about himself to the company or other entity he/it wants to be registered with."
"hudson","2654","Hudson is an extensible continuous integration server written in Java and capable of running on Linux, OS X and Windows."
"monodevelop","2651","MonoDevelop is an IDE focusing on developing desktop, mobile and web applications using C# and other .NET languages. It's open source and extensible, and runs on Mac, Windows and Linux."
"do-while","2650","A do while loop, sometimes just called a do loop, is a control flow statement that allows code to be executed repeatedly based on a given Boolean condition. "
"file-handling","2649","file-handling is an abstraction of common actions such as creating, opening, closing, reading, updating, writing, comparing and deleting files"
"angular2-forms","2646","An Angular form is a collection of data input controls. Use this tag for questions pertaining to template-driven and reactive forms including NgForm, FormGroup, FormControl, AbstractControl, FormBuilder, and Validators as well as data binding between forms and components."
"sudo","2643","The sudo command is a program for Unix and Unix-like computer operating systems that allows a user to run programs with the security privileges of another user (normally the superuser, or root). The name is an abbreviation for ""substitute user do"" (as in, do a command as if started by another user)."
"data-cleaning","2640","Data cleaning is the process of removing or repairing errors, and normalizing data used in computer programs.  For example, outliers may be removed, missing samples may be interpolated, invalid values may be marked as unavailable, and synonymous values may be merged. One approach to data cleaning is the ""tidy data"" framework from Wickham, which means each row is an observation and each column is a variable."
"static-methods","2639","Methods that neither require an instance of the class nor can they implicitly access the data (or this, self, Me, etc.) of such an instance."
"frequency","2638","The rate at which a thing occurs or is found."
"bit","2638","A bit is a single binary digit."
"android-appcompat","2637","The App Compat Support Library package contains several libraries that can be included in your application. Each of these libraries supports a specific range of Android platform versions and set of features."
"android-livedata","2635","Android LiveData holds the value and allow it to observe changes and also respects lifecycle of the app components."
"autowired","2634","Autowiring is a DI container feature where the dependencies are automatically looked for according to some criteria."
"twitter-oauth","2632","Twitter implementation of oauth"
"expect","2630","Expect is a Unix/Linux extension for the Tcl scripting language. It was designed as an automation and testing tool, and it makes it trivial to interact with complex programs, such as remote shells and security maintenance. It has a particularly powerful response recognition."
"angularfire","2629","AngularFire is an officially supported AngularJS binding for Firebase which is a cloud database designed to power real-time, collaborative applications. So you don't need servers to build your Angular app."
"e2e-testing","2628","End-to-end testing is a methodology used to test whether the flow of an application is performing as designed from start to finish. The purpose of carrying out end-to-end tests is to identify system dependencies and to ensure that the right information is passed between various system components and systems."
"serverless-framework","2625","Serverless Framework – Build and maintain web, mobile and IoT applications running on AWS, Google Cloud or Azure"
"tomcat8","2624","Version 8.x (August 2013 onwards) of the Apache Tomcat servlet container. Use only if your question is specifically related to features of this version. "
"bing-maps","2624","For questions about the Bing Maps API, a cloud mapping platform provided by Microsoft's Bing. This API is used to power map experiences in Microsoft and third-party applications, including web, Windows Forms, WPF, and UWP applications."
"nstimer","2623","An Objective C class for creating timer objects."
"objective-c-blocks","2620","Blocks are Apple’s implementation of closures for C, which are also available for Objective-C and C++."
"scheduling","2620","In computer science, scheduling is the method by which threads, processes or data flows are given access to system resource."
"derby","2619","Use this  tag for questions about Apache Derby, an Apache DB subproject. Derby is an open source relational database implemented entirely in Java and available under the Apache License, Version 2.0."
"fosuserbundle","2617","The FOSUserBundle adds support for a database-backed user system in Symfony2. It provides a flexible framework for user management that aims to handle common tasks such as user registration and password retrieval."
"sdl-2","2615","For questions and issues regarding Simple DirectMedia Layer 2 (SDL2). If you're using SDL 1.2, use tag [sdl-1.2]. If you're questioning the library in general, use tag [sdl]."
"keystore","2615","In Java, a keystore is a repository of security certificates, either authorization certificates or public key certificates"
"coq","2613","Coq is a formal proof management system, semi-interactive theorem prover and functional programming language. Coq is used for software verification, the formalization of programming languages, the formalization of mathematical theorems, teaching, and more.  Due to the interactive nature of Coq, we recommend questions to link to executable examples at https://x80.org/collacoq/ if deemed appropriate."
"talend","2612","Talend is an open source integration vendor that provides software for data integration, data quality, master data management, big data, business process management and service-oriented architecture.  "
"reload","2611","reloading is the process of re-requesting and re-rendering the currently displayed page"
"resttemplate","2610","Use this tag for Spring's RestTemplate, a class for client-side HTTP communications and RESTful principles enforcement."
"d","2606","D is a multi-paradigm systems programming language developed by Walter Bright and, since 2006, Andrei Alexandrescu. Now, D is an open source collaboration."
"asp.net-core-3.1","2606","Use this tag for questions specifically related to ASP.NET Core 3.1, in addition to using the 'ASP.NET Core' tag."
"mask","2604","An image mask is a bitmap that specifies an area to paint, but not the color. In effect, an image mask acts as a stencil to specify where to place color on the page. Quartz uses the current fill color to paint an image mask."
"h.264","2603","H.264/MPEG-4 Part 10 or AVC (Advanced Video Coding) is a standard for video compression"
"contacts","2601","Related to accessing contacts (CRUD, operations on contacts like messaging) from contact-list or address book in mails, android, iphone, windows-phone or facebook."
"z3","2600","Z3 is a high-performance theorem prover being developed at Microsoft Research."
"feed","2600","A web feed is a data format used for providing users with frequently updated content."
"mootools","2595","MooTools is a compact, modular, object-oriented prototypal JavaScript framework designed for the intermediate to advanced JavaScript developer. It allows you to write powerful, flexible, and cross-browser code with its elegant, well documented, and coherent API."
"dashboard","2594","A dashboard is a user interface that organizes and presents information in a way that is easy to read to the user of a website. A dashboard typically indicates items which require urgent actions at the top of the page, moving into less important statistics at the bottom."
"elementtree","2592","ElementTree is a Python library for creating and parsing XML."
"python-3.4","2592","The version of the Python programming language released on March 16, 2014. For issues that are specific to Python 3.4. Use the more generic [python] and [python-3.x] tags where possible."
"matrix-multiplication","2591","Questions related to matrix multiplication, especially implementation. Mathematical questions should consider the [linear-algebra] tag."
"flink-streaming","2591","Apache Flink is an open source platform for scalable batch and stream data processing. Flink supports batch and streaming analytics, in one system. Analytical programs can be written in concise and elegant APIs in Java and Scala."
"factory-bot","2589","factory_bot is a Ruby gem that allows you to quickly define prototypes for each of your models and ask for instances with properties that are important to the test at hand."
"sql-server-2000","2589","Use this tag for questions specific to the 2000 version of Microsoft's SQL Server.   Note that as of April 9, 2013, Microsoft no longer supports this version of SQL Server, to the point that even security patches are no longer created."
"bazel","2588","Bazel is a build tool that builds code quickly and reliably. It is used to build the majority of Google's software, and thus it has been designed to handle build problems present in Google's development."
"ignite","2588","Apache Ignite™ is a memory-centric distributed database, caching, and processing platform for transactional, analytical, and streaming workloads delivering in-memory speeds at petabyte scale. It provides high-performance, in-memory computing capabilities for large data sets."
"delphi-xe2","2586","Delphi XE2 is a specific version of Delphi. Delphi XE2 was released on September 1, 2011 and is available as a standalone product or as part of RAD Studio XE2."
"operator-keyword","2586","In several languages, the operator keyword is used to identify methods which will be used in operator overloading."
"show-hide","2585","show-hide is a user interface behavior used to visually indicate on and off states"
"comparator","2584","A Common interface to create an object that specifies the way of comparing other objects. When using this tag on implementation heavy questions - tag the code language the implementation is written in."
"watir","2581","Watir (pronounced water) stands for Web Application Testing in Ruby. Watir is an open-source (BSD) family of Ruby libraries for automating web browsers. It is distributed as a Ruby GEM named 'Watir'. Watir was primarily developed by Bret Pettichord and Paul Rogers."
".net-2.0","2580","The 2.0 version of the .NET Framework. For questions on .NET Framework generally, use the .net tag."
"symfony-forms","2580","The Symfony form component is a standalone library that can be used outside of Symfony projects.  "
"wampserver","2578","Specific release of the WAMP stack for Windows."
"project-reactor","2577","Reactor is a foundational library building for reactive fast data applications on the JVM. It provides abstractions for Java, Groovy and other JVM languages to make building event and data-driven applications easier. It’s also really fast.  "
"sqoop","2575","Sqoop is an open source connectivity framework that facilitates transfer between multiple Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS) and HDFS. Sqoop uses MapReduce programs to import and export data; the imports and exports are performed in parallel."
"graph-databases","2575","A graph database uses graph structures with nodes, edges, and properties to represent and store information."
"sap","2575","DO NOT USE THIS TAG as it's ambiguous. Try using one of SAP's product/technology names instead. List of known SAP tags on Stack Overflow can be found here: https://meta.stackoverflow.com/a/404098"
"rmi","2574","Remote Method Invocation (RMI) is Java's object-oriented remote procedure call (RPC) mechanism."
"el","2572","EL (Expression Language) enables the dynamic resolution of Java objects and methods in JSP and Facelets pages. EL expressions take the form of ${foo} and #{bar}."
"ld","2572","The ld (linker or loader) program combines object files, archive files and (references from) shared libraries, relocates their data and addresses together with symbol references. Linking is usually the final step of compiling a program."
"data-warehouse","2571","A data warehouse (DW) is a database specifically structured/designed to aid in querying, analyzing and reporting (generating reports out of) of current and historical data.  DWs are central repositories of integrated data from one or more disparate sources.  Basic difference between a data warehouse and a set of DB tables is how the data is organized/structured."
"kml","2570","Keyhole Markup Language (KML) is an XML standard used for expressing geographic annotation and visualisations. The KML file format is used to display and annotate geographic data in Google Earth and other applications."
"auto-increment","2569","a database constraint that automatically increases from the last record when making an INSERT"
"fpga","2566","A Field-programmable Gate Array (FPGA) is a chip that is configured by the customer after manufacturing—hence ""field-programmable""."
"multiple-inheritance","2565","A feature of some object-oriented computer programming languages in which a class can inherit behaviors and features from more than one superclass or base class."
"influxdb","2565","InfluxDB is an open-source time series, events, and metrics database written in Go, with no external dependencies."
"computational-geometry","2564","is a branch of computer science devoted to the study of algorithms which can be stated in terms of geometry."
"patch","2564","A patch is a piece of software designed to fix problems with, or update a computer program or its supporting data. This includes fixing security vulnerabilities and other bugs, and improving the usability or performance."
"uialertview","2562","UIAlertView, a class contained in Apple's UIKit framework, was used to display an alert to the user. Alerts could have a title, message, several buttons, and custom subviews. UIAlertView was deprecated in iOS 8."
"amazon-sns","2560","Amazon Simple Notification Service is a highly available, cloud hosted publish/subscribe manager."
"apache-storm","2560","Storm is a distributed realtime computation system. Similar to how Hadoop provides a set of general primitives for doing batch processing, Storm provides a set of general primitives for doing realtime computation. Storm is simple, can be used with any programming language"
"use-state","2559","useState related questions for reactjs hooks api. "
"stdvector","2557","std::vector is a contiguous sequence container in the C++ standard library. Its storage is handled automatically, so appending elements or resizing may cause the vector to allocate more memory. Use this tag for questions about std::vector or involving a std::vector."
"recurrent-neural-network","2556","A recurrent neural network (RNN) is a class of artificial neural network where connections between units form a directed cycle."
"daemon","2555","A daemon is a process or program that runs in the background (i.e. requiring no user interaction)."
"erb","2555","ERB is a simple templating system for Ruby, embedding code in any plain-text document. It is often used for HTML generation in web frameworks (such as Ruby on Rails)."
"str-replace","2554","This function returns a string or an array with all occurrences of search in subject replaced with the given replace value."
"jobs","2552","A job is a process executing in the background, or scheduled for later execution.    **DO NOT** use this tag for career, employment, or hiring practice questions, as these are off-topic!"
"cs50","2552","Code questions pertaining to Harvard's self-study introductory. It is STRONGLY RECOMMENDED to additionally tag with C and Python. Also consider using the spin-off https://cs50.stackexchange.com/"
"procedure","2550","A procedure is a subroutine that does not return a value. Do not use this tag for stored procedures. Use 'stored-procedures' tag instead."
"simpledateformat","2550","SimpleDateFormat is a concrete Java class for formatting and parsing dates and times in a locale-sensitive manner. It allows for formatting (date -> text), parsing (text -> date), and normalization. "
"android-videoview","2548","An Android View to manage and display a video file. "
"xunit","2548","xUnit is the collection name for unit-testing compliant frameworks following a specific architecture. Implementation differs from language to language but the framework should consist of a Test Runner, Test Case, Test Fixture (Context), Test Suite, Test Execution, Test Result Formatter and Assertions  "
"x86-16","2546","For programming and/or microarchitecture questions about the 16-bit x86 Intel CPUs, including the 8088, 8086, and later chips running in 16-bit mode."
"ado","2545","Microsoft ActiveX Data Objects (ADO) is a COM based package for accessing databases such as SQL Server or data sources such as Excel spreadsheets. ADO.NET provides improvements over ADO along with integration with the .NET Framework for .NET developers. ADO.NET tag should be used for ADO.NET specific questions."
"ironpython","2545","IronPython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework. IronPython can use the .NET Framework and Python libraries, and other .NET languages can use Python code just as easily. Use this tag for implementation-specific questions, general Python questions should just be tagged with ""python""."
"auth0","2545","For questions relating to the integration with Auth0 services and/or SDK's. Auth0 is a cloud or on-premises authentication and authorization service provider that lets you easily and quickly connect your apps, choose identity providers, add users, set up rules, customize your login page and access analytics from within your Auth0 dashboard."
"file-get-contents","2542","In PHP, file_get_contents is the preferred way to read the contents of a file into a string. It will use memory mapping techniques (if supported by your OS) to enhance performance."
"picturebox","2541","The PictureBox is a control in the Windows Forms system that provides a way to display an image. It can handle many different image formats."
"number-formatting","2539","Number formatting is the process of converting a numeric value into a string suitable for display. Things to take into account are the decimal/thousands separator, digit grouping, the shape of the numbers, how a percentage or currency is displayed, and so on. "
"32bit-64bit","2538","Issues related to the use of a 64-bit vs a 32-bit architecture including portability issues."
"ios11","2537","iOS 11 is the eleventh version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system. It was announced at the company's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 05, 2017. The ios11 tag should be used for questions specific to Apple's iOS 11 operating system. General iOS questions should use the ios tag."
"amcharts","2536","amCharts is a JavaScript library that generates charts for data visualizations. Use this tag when you have issues understanding or using this library."
"font-size","2532","A CSS property which sets the size of a font, as specified in one of several different units."
"pydev","2531","PyDev is an Eclipse plugin for Python development."
"fedora","2531","Fedora is an RPM-based, general purpose collection of software, including an operating system based on the Linux kernel, developed by the community-supported Fedora Project and sponsored by Red Hat."
"mergesort","2531","Merge sort is an O(n log n) worst-case comparison-based stable sorting algorithm."
"nlog","2530","NLog is a free logging platform for .NET"
"trace","2529","A trace is a log of execution of a process or method."
"ibm-midrange","2529","The IBM i is a proprietary platform from IBM, which runs on their Power Systems and Pure Systems, and contains a DB2 database integrated into the IBM i OS."
"cloudflare","2525","Cloudflare is a content delivery network and distributed Domain Name Server service aimed at enhancing website performance and speed and providing security."
"slick","2523","Slick acronym for Scala Language-Integrated Connection Kit, is a modern database query and access library for Scala by Lightbend."
"p5.js","2522","p5.js is a JavaScript library that starts with the original goal of processing, to make coding accessible for artists, designers, educators, and beginners, and reinterprets this for today’s web."
"add-in","2521","AddIn (Add-In or Add In) is a synonym for plugin - a program that is triggered by a host program allowing third party developers to manipulate or extend the hosting program."
"google-chrome-app","2520","Don't use this tag for PWA or the Chrome app/binary itself! Use this tag only for apps built using Chrome App specification. Just like web apps, Chrome Apps are written in HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS, yet they look and behave like native apps, and they have native-like capabilities that are much more powerful than those available to web apps."
"lumen","2519","Lumen is a ""micro-framework"" built on top of Laravel's components, and is the official micro-framework of Laravel. Lumen is targeted at microservices--small, loosely-coupled components that usually support and enhance a core project."
"display","2519","Display refers to a style property in CSS. Common values include - but are not limited to - block, inline-block, inline, table, flex, none."
"picasso","2518","Picasso is an open source powerful and dynamic image caching and downloading library by Square."
"assert","2518","An assertion is a statement, which aborts a program when it evaluates to false. Assert is typically used for debugging and situations which should never happen."
"dao","2518","A Data Access Object (DAO), is a design pattern in object-oriented software design, creating an object that provides an abstract interface to some type of database or other persistence mechanism."
"server-side","2517","The term ""server-side"" refers to the portion of an application run on a server. The counterpart of ""server-side"" is ""client-side"", meaning the part of an application running locally on the user's own machine, such as in a Web browser."
"mechanize","2517","A library for automated web browsing originally developed for Perl, there are now also Python and Ruby implementations."
"gfortran","2516","gfortran is the GNU Fortran compiler, part of GCC. It implements the Fortran 95 standard and much of the Fortran 2008 standard.  This tag should be used for questions relating to the use and behaviour of gfortran specifically; questions about the Fortran language or compilers more widely should include the Fortran tag."
"accelerometer","2514","An accelerometer is a device that measures the proper acceleration of the device. "
"amazon-athena","2514","Amazon Athena is a service for running SQL queries against data stored on Amazon S3. Amazon Athena is part of Amazon Web Services (AWS)."
"zxing","2513","ZXing (pronounced ""zebra crossing"") is an open-source, multi-format 1D/2D barcode image processing library implemented in Java, with ports to other languages. Its focus is on using the built-in camera on mobile phones to scan and decode barcodes on the device, without communicating with a server, though the library also supports use on a server."
"vlc","2512","VLC is a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files as well as DVD, Audio CD, VCD, and various streaming protocols. Use this tag only for programming-related questions about VLC."
"smart-pointers","2512","An abstract data type that simulates a pointer while providing additional features, such as automatic garbage collection or bounds checking"
"in-app-billing","2511","In-app Billing, a service provided by Android operating system."
"avd","2510","Android Virtual Device (AVD), is a virtual instance of the target device (phone/tablet) which can be run in the Android emulator for simulation."
"keypress","2508","Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus."
"laravel-5.5","2508","Laravel 5.5 is a previous version, but the current LTS version, of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on August 30, 2017. Use it in addition to the laravel-5 tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.5. Use the laravel tag for general laravel related questions."
"adt","2506","Android Development Tools (ADT) is a plugin for the Eclipse IDE that is designed to give you a powerful, integrated environment in which to build Android applications."
"blade","2504","The Blade Template Engine is part of the PHP MVC framework Laravel. Blade allows you to use beautiful, unobtrusive syntax for writing PHP control structures and echoing data."
"tar","2504","An archiving program for storing and retrieving files as a collection with support for data compression."
"react-props","2502","ReactJS is a JS library developed by facebook. Props are the variables to be used in react components. Use tag when having doubts regarding usage of react props."
"cloudera","2501","Cloudera Inc. is a Palo Alto-based enterprise software company which provides Apache Hadoop-based software and services."
"datastax","2500","DataStax Enterprise is big data platform consisting of open source tools such as Apache, Cassandra, Solr and Hadoop (and several others)."
"axapta","2498","Microsoft Dynamics AX is one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products. It is part of the Microsoft Dynamics family.  The early versions (from 1.0 to 3.0) were called Axapta, while the later versions (from 3.0 SP6 to AX 2012 and last version AX 7) are called Dynamics AX."
"text-mining","2498","Text Mining is a process of deriving high-quality information from unstructured (textual) information."
"slack-api","2497","Slack is a real-time messaging, archiving and search tool for modern teams. Use this tag for programming questions related to the Slack API including the Web API, the RTM API and the Events API."
"prediction","2497","For questions related to statistical prediction, especially for programming tasks."
"googletest","2496","Google's C++ testing framework based on xUnit that runs on multiple platforms. "
"dynamic-sql","2496","Dynamic SQL is a technique using SQL (Structured Query Language) whose main difference from traditional SQL is that Dynamic SQL allows to build SQL statements dynamically at runtime, which eases the automatic generation and execution of program statements."
"pca","2493","Principal component analysis (PCA) is a statistical technique for dimension reduction often used in clustering or factor analysis.  Given any number of explanatory or causal variables, PCA ranks the variables by their ability to explain greatest variation in the data.  It is this property that allows PCA to be used for dimension reduction, i.e. to identify the most important variables from amongst a large set possible influences."
"lotus-domino","2490","Domino is the server component of HCL Software's collaboration offerings. A typical Domino server supports a variety of applications and protocols that clients can use to access those applications. Applications out-of-the-box include E-mail, Calendaring and many others. Custom applications can be created using the RAD development tool Domino Designer. Protocols supported are include HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP, POP3, IMAP, as well as the RPC protocol for Notes."
"compiler-warnings","2489","Messages emitted by a compiler which indicate potential problems in code or configuration."
"http-live-streaming","2488","HTTP Live Streaming is a method of media streaming that consists of downloading segments of a mpeg2ts file, containing video (H.264) and/or audio (AAC or MP3). The specification was introduced by Apple and is widely used in iOS."
"environment","2488","The O/S in which a process is executed, especially settings that affect the process"
"continuous-deployment","2487","A software engineering approach in which teams keep producing software in short cycles and ensure that the software can be released to production at any time."
"messaging","2485","Messaging refers to the design pattern whereby discrete messages are used for communication between objects or processes. Messages can be simple data, complex data structures, or even code. This pattern is often used for asynchronous or parallel computing."
"show","2484","Methods for displaying additional or previously hidden visual components, particularly with regard to HTML."
"remote-debugging","2483","Remote debugging is the process of running a debug session in a local development environment attached to a remotely deployed application. "
"instantiation","2479","Instantiation is the process of creating objects from a class in most object oriented and object based languages. In the C++ language, instantiation is the process of creating a class or function from a class template or function template."
"nsdata","2479","The NSData class is an Apple class for holding generic data. Often used when reading/writing from and to files, and the internet."
"clion","2479","CLion is a cross-platform IDE for C and C++ development."
"azure-resource-manager","2475","Azure Resource Manager is a framework for deploying and managing applications across resources and managing groups of resources as single logical units on the Microsoft Azure cloud computing platform."
"arcgis","2475","ArcGIS is a platform consisting of a group of geographic information system (GIS) software products produced by Esri. The GIS Stack Exchange should be considered for questions with this tag."
"hsqldb","2474","HSQLDB (HyperSQL Database) is a relational database management system. It is written in Java."
"powerbi-desktop","2474","Power BI Desktop is the desktop application for Power BI, a free, self-service analytics tool."
"haproxy","2473","HAproxy is a TCP/HTTP load balancer which provides cookie-based persistence, advanced traffic regulation with surge protection, automatic failover, run-time regex-based header control, Web-based reporting, advanced logging to help trouble-shooting buggy applications and/or networks, and a few other features. "
"mongodb-.net-driver","2471","The official MongoDB .NET Driver provides asynchronous interaction with MongoDB."
"concat","2469","Refers to the joining of two or more elements into a single element."
"google-cloud-endpoints","2467","Google Cloud Endpoints is a technology developed by Google for use on Google App Engine to allow developers to develop and host APIs easily, and to generate strongly-typed client libraries for Java (Android) and Objective-C (iOS), and dynamically-typed libraries for JavaScript."
"whatsapp","2467","WhatsApp Messenger is a proprietary, cross-platform instant messaging application for smartphones. In addition to basic messaging and video calling, WhatsApp Messenger users can send each other images, video and audio media messages."
"matching","2465","For questions related to pattern matching, using character sequences or tree structures. In contrast to pattern recognition, the match described here usually has to be exact."
"shinydashboard","2464","shinydashboard is an R package which provides a framework for creating dashboards using R and shiny."
"nsis","2462","This tag is used for questions about the open source Nullsoft Scriptable Install System (NSIS) setup generator."
"resultset","2461","A result set is a set of rows from a database, which is usually generated by executing a statement that queries the database. A resultSet object maintains a cursor pointing to its current row of data."
"database-performance","2461","Questions about database performance and tuning, ranging from files organization and configuration to benchmarking and system optimization, passing through management systems and the fastest ways to operate a database."
"variadic-functions","2460","A function is variadic if it can accept a variable number of arguments; that is, its arity is not fixed. The abbreviation ""varargs"" is commonly used to refer to these types of functions."
"bison","2458","Bison is the GNU parser generator. It generates LALR parsers, but can also generate GLR parsers for grammars that are not LALR. It has a mode of compatibility with its old predecessor Yacc (yet another compiler compiler)."
"casperjs","2458","CasperJS is a JavaScript based navigation scripting & testing utility for PhantomJS (WebKit) and SlimerJS (Gecko). See SpookyJS for the use of CasperJS inside of node.js."
"contenteditable","2456","contentEditable is an HTML attribute (invented by Microsoft and standardized in HTML5) that is used for client-side in-browser ""rich text"" editing."
"sensors","2456","Tag for questions about sensors, often used on integrated circuits and electronic devices to sense and measure external environmental variables. Sensors convert physical stimuli from the outside world into digital signals, which can be sampled by other subsystems."
"ravendb","2455","RavenDB is an Open Source document database for the .NET Core platform (Windows, MacOS, Linux). RavenDB offers a flexible data model designed to fit the needs of real world systems. RavenDB stores schema-less JSON documents, and allows you to define indexes using Linq queries and focus on low latency and high performance."
"theano","2452","Theano is a numerical computation library for Python. Computations are expressed using a Numpy-like syntax and compiled to run efficiently on either CPU or GPU architectures. Theano uses a mathematical computational graph and optimized the graph to speed up the computations using optimized C code. As of release 1.0, Theano will no longer be actively developed."
"nsurlsession","2449","NSURLSession is the API for HTTP connections introduced in iOS 7 and OS X 10.9."
"fastapi","2449","FastAPI is a modern, fast (high-performance), web framework for building APIs with Python 3.6+ based on standard Python type hints."
"lazy-evaluation","2447","Lazy evaluation refers to a variety of concepts that seek to avoid evaluation of an expression unless its value is needed, and to share the results of evaluation of an expression among all uses of its, so that no expression need be evaluated more than once."
"statsmodels","2446","Statsmodels is a Python module that allows users to explore data, estimate statistical models, and perform statistical tests."
"android-resources","2446","Android resources - framework for providing different layouts or strings for android projects."
"ipv6","2443","The Internet Protocol is one of the fundamental protocols used for the Internet. IPv6 is the next generation Internet Protocol, as opposed to the currently common Internet Protocol known as IPv4.  "
"core-audio","2440","Core Audio is a low-level API for dealing with sound in Apple's macOS and iOS operating systems. "
"menuitem","2439","A menu item is a child element of a menu that provides the user a means to view and execute a specific application operation."
"presto","2437","Presto is an open source distributed SQL query engine for running analytic queries against data sources of all sizes ranging from gigabytes to petabytes.  The community version of Presto is now called Trino.  Amazon serverless query service called Athena is using Presto under the hood."
"lightbox","2437","Lightbox, and the newer Lightbox 2, is a JavaScript application used to display large images using modal dialogs."
"exit","2436","Exiting, quitting, or halting refers to the termination of a process or program."
"liferay-6","2435","Liferay is an open source Java portal and social platform. The 6th major version was released on June 2010, includes 6.0.x, 6.1.x and 6.2.x and was followed by major version 7 in May/June 2016. Use this tag for both, Enterprise and Community Edition of the given releases."
"datatemplate","2433","Data templating is a feature of WPF and Xamarin.Forms that lets you customize the presentation of data."
"subdirectory","2432","A subdirectory is a directory that is contained inside another directory."
"symfony-1.4","2429","Questions about Symfony version 1.4, a PHP framework by Sensio Labs."
"tostring","2429","""toString"" or ""ToString"" is a major formatting method or function used in high level programming languages. It converts an Object to its string representation so that it is suitable for display."
"credentials","2429","Credentials in information systems are widely used to control access to information or other resources. The classic combination of a user account number or name and a secret password is a widely-used example of IT credentials."
"abstract","2427","abstract is a keyword shared by a multitude of object-oriented programming languages. Methods and classes can be marked abstract to indicate that they do not contain the full implementation of application logic and have to be extended. Abstract classes can not be instantiated and serve the purpose of providing a uniform interface for their subclasses, as well as the implementation of common methods that don't have to be reimplemented for each subclass."
"priority-queue","2426","A priority queue is a regular queue or stack data structure, but where additionally each element has a ""priority"" associated with it."
"sphinx","2426","Sphinx is a free software search engine for indexing database content. NOTE: For the Python documentation tool, use the [python-sphinx] tag."
"typescript-generics","2425","For questions related specifically to usage of generic types in TypeScript."
"guzzle","2424","Guzzle is a PHP HTTP client that makes it easy to send HTTP requests and trivial to integrate with web services. Guzzle can be used with cURL, PHP's stream wrapper, sockets, and non-blocking libraries like React."
"paramiko","2420","Paramiko is a Python module that implements the SSH2 protocol."
"plyr","2417","plyr is an R package with tools to solve a variety of problems using the split-apply-combine strategy"
"opacity","2415","Opacity is the degree to which a graphical object obscures objects which are rendered behind it."
"development-environment","2415","A development environment is an integrated set of programming tools, usually centered around a text editor."
"title","2415","**DO NOT USE THIS TAG.** In programming languages, title can refer to the title of a figure or the title of an object."
"redux-form","2415","Redux Form works with React and Redux to enable a form in React to use Redux to store all of its state."
"models","2414","A model is an abstract representation of a real-life object or process.  Models are a part of the popular MVC pattern, as well as a more general concept in the sciences for approximating behavior."
"pascal","2413","Pascal is an imperative language from the Wirthian family created in 1969. It was widely used in engineering and teaching in the 1970s and 1980s. It lives on in compilers as Free Pascal and Delphi."
"pyspark-sql","2410","Use this tag for questions related to the SQL  module in PySpark."
"android-databinding","2409","Data Binding Library to write declarative layouts and minimize the glue code necessary to bind your application logic and layouts.  The Data Binding Library offers both flexibility and broad compatibility — it's a support library, so you can use it with all Android platform versions back to Android 2.1 (API level 7+)."
"mouseover","2409","A mouseover is an event that occurs on an element when the user moves the cursor over that element"
"percentage","2409","Percentage is a ratio or fraction of a quantity that shows the ratio from whole part of quantity. Percentage demonstrate how much part is there out of 100."
"jcombobox","2407","A JComboBox is a Java GUI object. It is a combination of a drop-down list and a single-line JTextField, allowing the user to either type a value directly into the control or choose from the list of existing options.  "
"spring-aop","2407","Spring AOP is the Spring Framework's version of AOP, implemented in pure Java and using the @AspectJ annotations from the AspectJ project. Spring AOP works through dynamic JDK or CGLib Proxies."
"missing-data","2407","For questions relating to missing data problems, which can involve special data structures, algorithms, statistical methods, modeling techniques, visualization, among other considerations."
"checkout","2406","Checkout is the process of finishing a transaction after using a shopping application for some time."
"free","2405","free is a function to deallocate memory obtained from malloc and other functions in C. Do not use this tag to refer to free software. Asking for software recommendation is off-topic on Stack Overflow. If you have a question about free software, you can ask here: https://softwarerecs.stackexchange.com/"
"telnet","2400","Telnet is an old protocol for bidirectional interactive text-oriented communication with remote hosts via virtual terminals. It is defined in rfc854. On modern UNIX-like systems it is replaced with more secure and flexible SSH protocol."
"interceptor","2400","The interceptor design pattern allows logic to be ""inserted"" before, during or after the execution of a piece of code, such as a method."
"rvest","2398","rvest is an R package which provides functions to help extract information from web pages."
"query-builder","2397","A query-builder is a set of classes and methods  that is able to programmatically build queries."
"core-bluetooth","2395","CoreBluetooth is a framework for iOS and Mac OS X to interact with Bluetooth Low Energy (""BLE"") accessories."
"wysiwyg","2394","WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) describes editors for graphical design which commonly do not require knowledge of the code underlying the product. The editor translates the user's edits back into a markup language such as HTML. Examples include Microsoft Visual Studio, Adobe Dreamweaver's design view and many CMS editors."
"photoshop","2393","For questions strictly about photoshop scripting!  Photoshop is a raster graphics editor by Adobe Systems, that is industry standard for creating, modifying and treating images and graphics. It has plugins and scripts that can be installed on top, in order to automate and add further functionality. If you're not scripting for Photoshop, then your question belongs on Super User, Photography, or Graphic Design."
"code-signing","2393","Code signing is a process aiming at embedding an electronic signature into an executable.  The signature uses cryptographic algorithms that allow to authentify the signer of the executable and to verify the integrity of the file.    "
"mailchimp","2393","MailChimp helps you design email newsletters, share them on social networks, integrate with services you already use, and track your results. It's like your own personal publishing platform."
"logical-operators","2393","Logical operators are symbols that aid in evaluating boolean expressions. These are found in just about every programming language that supports boolean. Common examples are && (AND), || (OR), ! (NOT), == ([value] equal to), === ([value and type] equal to), >= (Greater than or equal to), <= (Less than or equal to), > (Greater than), and < (less than) "
"rpc","2392","Remote Procedure Call (RPC) is an approach to interprocessor or distributed communication wherein a set of services or procedures are exposed to remote clients.  RPC is both a general concept for interprocessor communication and shorthand for Sun's original implementation (referred to as SunRPC to disambiguate.)"
"terraform-provider-aws","2392","Terraform Provider for AWS."
"styling","2391","styling is the process of binding visual metadata to a document"
"break","2389","A break statement is a flow-control feature provided by most programming languages that allows for an early exit from a loop; once a break statement is reached, its enclosing loop is immediately exited."
"tcpclient","2389",".NET Framework class, providing client connections for TCP network services."
"communication","2389","Communication is the activity of conveying information."
"alexa","2388","Alexa is a voice service developed by Amazon, made popular by the Amazon Echo and the Amazon Echo Dot devices developed by Amazon Lab126."
"marionette","2388","Backbone.Marionette is a composite application library for Backbone.js that aims to simplify the construction of large scale JavaScript applications. Do NOT use this tag for Firefox's Marionette driver. Use the firefox-marionette tag instead."
"openlayers-3","2386","OpenLayers 3 is the complete rewrite of the OpenLayers 2.x mapping library, targeting modern features of HTML5 and CSS3. It is not compatible with OpenLayers 2. OpenLayers is completely free and open source, having been released under the 2-clause BSD License."
"wpfdatagrid","2386","New and improved DataGrid control for Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications.  Can be bound to a multitude of datasources.  Flexible, programmable rendering options to match custom user interfaces."
"masm","2384","MASM is Microsoft's Macro Assembler tool for converting assembly language to object code.  It processes x86 instructions and pseudo instructions written in ""Intel syntax"".  MASM is the standard low-level language for all MSDOS and Windows environments and is currently being supported in the 32-bit and 64-bit versions."
"iostream","2383","The C++ iostream library is an object-oriented library that provides input and output functionality using streams. The iostreams classes support type-safe I/O of built-in types and can be extended to support user-defined types by overloading the >> and << operators. "
"owl","2382","The Web Ontology Language (OWL) is a vocabulary for creating ontologies, i.e. definitions of classes, properties and the relationships between them. Please do not use this tag in place of 'owl-carousel'!"
"maya","2382","Autodesk Maya is a 3D modeling, animation and rendering tool used in film, TV and advertising. Only programming questions are on-topic."
"nav","2382","The `<nav>` element is new HTML5 element which defines a section of navigation links."
"amqp","2379","AMQP is an open messaging standard. It defines a wire-level protocol and semantic framework for high performance enterprise messaging. If you're using a specific broker (ex: [rabbitmq]) then the AMQP tag may be redundant. AMQP should not be confused with Apache[ActiveMQ]"
"audio-streaming","2378","The process of delivering audio from a server to a client, different from the download in that the client is able to hear audio while it's being downloaded."
"hdf5","2378","The Hierarchical Data Format (HDF5) is a binary file format designed to store large amount of numerical data."
"windows-10-universal","2378","The Universal Windows Platform is a common platform for all devices running Windows 10. The UWP is separated into device families like PC, Mobile, IoT and many more. The UWP allows you to use common code for all device families."
"xgboost","2378","XGBoost is a library for constructing boosted tree models in R, Python, Java, Scala, and C++. Use this tag for issues specific to the package (i.e., input/output, installation, functionality)."
"ibm-watson","2374","A collection of REST APIs and SDKs that can be used to integrate AI into your applications to solve complex problems."
"resteasy","2373","A JBoss project that provides various frameworks to help build RESTful web services and Java applications"
"email-attachments","2372","Email attachments are file(s) that are sent along with an email. Use this tag for programming questions related to attaching files to an email message, receiving such files, or processing them (e.g. as part of a mail forwarder or spam filter). Non-programming support questions related to email attachments (e.g. what to click on to add an attachment) are off-topic here, but may be suitable elsewhere on the network."
"relative-path","2372","Relative-paths are URI or directory links to resources that refer to a location relative to the current path."
"sandbox","2371","Sandbox is a security mechanism for containing untrusted programs. Such programs could contain malicious code, which would harm the user's system."
"paging","2371","A memory-management technique where a computer stores and retrieves data from secondary storage for use in main memory. Memory is divided into equal sized pages so to not waste any memory."
"code-first","2371","Code-first is a software implementation approach that favors programming against an API over other approaches that may rely more heavily on visual tools or require the presence of some external source that is inspected to generate program behavior, structure, or data."
"kivy-language","2371","A language created and used in the Kivy framework to describe a widget structure of a project."
"dotnet-httpclient","2369","Refers to the System.Net.Http.HttpClient library which is part of the HttpClient package on NuGet, or the .NET 4.5 library."
"cross-validation","2366","Cross-Validation is a method of evaluating and comparing predictive systems in statistics and machine learning."
"installshield","2366","InstallShield (not including limited edition) is a software tool for creating MSI installers or software packages.   InstallShield is primarily used for making an installer (MSI) for Microsoft Windows desktop and server platforms, but it can also be used to manage software applications and packages on a variety of handheld and mobile devices.  "
"dreamweaver","2366","Dreamweaver is a combination of an IDE for PHP, ASP, ColdFusion and a WYSIWYG HTML/CSS editor.  Additionally, it allows non-programmers to integrate several basic server-side scripting functions into their pages. Recent versions of Dreamweaver come  bundled with an AJAX library (Spry) that features several pre-made widgets and other behaviors."
"polymer-1.0","2365","User this tag for questions specific to version 1 of Google's web components library, Polymer."
"azure-aks","2364","Azure Kubernetes Service(AKS) is a way to launch and manage Kubernetes within the Azure cloud. Use with the [azure] tag"
"axis2","2364","A Web Services/SOAP/WSDL framework supported by the Apache Software Foundation"
"minify","2363","Minification is the practice of removing unnecessary characters from code to reduce its size, thus improving load times."
"statusbar","2361","A status bar is an area typically found at the bottom of Graphical User Interfaces that provide information about the computer, the application or other applications."
"jspdf","2361","jsPDF is an open-source library written in JavaScript, used for generating PDF documents. Do not use with [pdf.js] as that is a different library."
"ghc","2361","Glasgow Haskell Compiler is a state-of-the-art, open source compiler and interactive environment for the functional language Haskell. Use this tag for questions specifically about GHC and not about Haskell in general as almost everyone will be using it unless specified otherwise."
"video-capture","2360","Questions related to computer oriented video capture and the programming tools and solutions for dealing with captured frames from a video."
"scaling","2360","Scaling refers to the image manipulation function of re-sizing an image. For issues to do with handling increasing workload gracefully in software or network components, see ""scalabilty"". "
"assemblies","2359","Assemblies are collections of compiled .Net types and resources grouped into a logical and physical unit (in the form of a .dll file or .exe file)."
"wsgi","2358","Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI) is a standard for web applications written in Python."
"mesh","2357","Do NOT use for questions about mesh-networks. Use [mesh-network] instead. A mesh is a collection of vertices, edges, and faces that defines the shape of a polyhedral object in 3D computer graphics and solid modeling."
"paste","2357","The paste tag is to be used for issues relating to the paste portion of copy/paste operations."
"css-transforms","2356","CSS transforms allow elements styled with CSS to be transformed in two-dimensional or three-dimensional space"
"barcode-scanner","2353","A barcode reader (or barcode scanner) is an electronic device for reading printed barcodes. It consists of a light source, a lens and a light sensor translating optical impulses into electrical ones. "
"model-binding","2352","Model Binding is a feature of ASP.NET MVC, and (from .NET 4.5) ASP.NET WebForms, that simplifies controller actions by using the request data to create strongly typed objects."
"code-injection","2352","Code injection is the general term for the result of a missing neutralization or improper neutralization of special elements of externally-influenced input, which could modify the syntax or behavior of the intended code."
"redux-saga","2350","Redux-saga is a redux middleware library which designed for handling side effects in redux applications. It provides developers with the ability to manage asynchronous code synchronously."
"javac","2348","javac is the primary Java compiler, included in the Java Development Kit (JDK) from Sun Microsystems (now Oracle), and also in versions from other vendors."
"decision-tree","2348","A decision tree is a decision support tool that uses a tree-like graph or model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility. It is one way to display an algorithm."
"ejb-3.0","2345","This tag is used for question related to the session bean and message-driven bean component types of the EJB 3.0 programming model. For questions about the persistent entities defined in the document ""Java Persistence API"" of the EJB 3.0 specification, use the [JPA] tag.  "
"jmx","2345","Java Management eXtensions is a standard Java API that enables the instrumentation and monitoring of a running Java program."
"ehcache","2344","Ehcache is an open source, standards compliant Java-based cache used to boost performance, offload the database and simplify scalability."
"android-button","2344","questions about the android.widget.Button element. This element can be used on activities."
"rsync","2343","GENERAL RSYNC SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com. rsync can copy files locally, over ssh or rsh remote shell services, or with a remote rsync daemon. Files can be incrementally updated and rsync provides for file-size and last-modified time update checks. rsync runs on POSIX systems including Linux, BSD, Unix, and Windows (via Cygwin)."
"bulkinsert","2341","Act of inserting multiple rows into a database simultaneously."
"rspec-rails","2340","rspec-rails is an extension of the RSpec testing framework that provides support for testing Ruby on Rails applications."
"regex-lookarounds","2340","Regular expression lookarounds are zero-width assertions that verify conditions about the context of a match at the current match position."
"multi-index","2339","A multi-index (also known as a hierarchical index) allows the manipulation of higher-dimensional data in a 2-dimensional tabular structure."
"quarkus","2339","A Kubernetes native Java stack tailored for GraalVM & OpenJDK HotSpot, crafted from the best of breed Java libraries and standards"
"uibarbuttonitem","2338","UIBarButtonItem is a button specialized for placement on a UIToolbar or UINavigationBar object. It inherits basic button behavior from its abstract superclass, UIBarItem. The UIBarButtonItem defines additional initialisation methods and properties for use on toolbars and navigation bars. There are some methods for customizing Appearance. Available in iOS 2.0 and later in UIKit."
"offline","2338","Refers to the status of being unable to connect to a network; in most situations, this is specifically referring to the Internet."
"trim","2338","Trimming refers to the manipulation of a text string to remove leading and/or trailing whitespace (and/or ASCII control characters), or (optionally) a specified character."
"tk","2337","The Tk toolkit is a scripted GUI toolkit that is designed to be used from dynamic languages (initially Tcl, but also Perl and Python)."
"emoji","2336","Emojis are pictures or Unicode characters (such as smileys) that can be placed alongside text characters."
"flowtype","2335","Flow is a static type checker, designed to find type errors in JavaScript programs, created by Facebook."
"gitlab-ci-runner","2335","This is GitLab Runner repository, this application run tests and sends the results to GitLab CI. GitLab CI is the open-source continuous integration server that coordinates the testing."
"androidx","2334"," New Android extension libraries (AndroidX) which represents an Android Support Library."
"yeoman","2334","Yeoman is a command-line tool for frontend web development. As a ""web application boilerplate,"" its main features include project scaffolding, a build process based in part on Grunt.js, and package management for updating project dependencies."
"google-cloud-pubsub","2334","For programming/API questions related to Google Cloud Pub/Sub, which provides asynchronous messaging and ingestion services for event-driven systems and streaming analytics on the Google Cloud Platform infrastructure."
"keyword","2333","Keywords are special words used as identifiers by a language. They are reserved words accepted by a compiler or interpreter, and thus should not (or cannot) be used as a variable or function name."
"omniauth","2332","OmniAuth is a flexible Ruby authentication library that standardizes multi-provider authentication for web applications"
"undefined-behavior","2332","The unpredictable outcome of compiling or executing a program which breaks rules of the language neither compiler, interpreter nor runtime-system have to enforce. DO NOT USE this tag for questions regarding the data type or return value of ""undefined"". In those cases, the [undefined] tag should be used instead."
"actionmailer","2331","Action Mailer is a framework for designing email service layers. Original ActionMailer is written in Ruby, but there is also implementation for ASP.NET MVC."
"numeric","2330","This tag is for questions concerning problems using numbers which either cannot be exactly solved, or where the exact solution may be much more difficult to acquire than by using numerical methods."
"connect","2326","Connect is an extensible HTTP server framework for node, created by Sencha Labs providing high performance ""plugins"" known as middleware."
"wkhtmltopdf","2325","A shell utility to convert HTML to PDF using the Webkit rendering engine and Qt."
"ejabberd","2324","ejabberd is a Jabber/XMPP instant messaging server, licensed under GPLv2 (Free and Open Source), written in Erlang/OTP. Among other features, ejabberd is cross-platform, fault-tolerant, clusterable and modular."
"multiplication","2324","Multiplication is the mathematical operation of scaling one number by another. It is an elementary operation of most programming languages and is typically denoted by the symbol *."
"symlink","2324","Symlink is short for symbolic link (also soft link). It is a term for any file that contains a reference to another file or directory in the form of an absolute or relative path and that affects pathname resolution."
"amazon-eks","2324","Amazon EKS stands for ""Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service"" It is a part of Amazon Web Services (AWS) and provides a fully managed Kubernetes platform, with the ability to have to have your containers deployed across a EC2 backed solution or as a serverless solution with AWS Fargate."
"swap","2321","Changing position of two items."
"boto","2321","boto is an open-source Python Interface to Amazon Web Services"
"jena","2320","Apache Jena is an open-source Java library for processing RDF data in semantic web and linked-data applications. This includes command-line tools for RDF-based applications."
"icalendar","2320","iCalendar is a widely-used data format for representing and exchanging calendaring and scheduling information independent of any particular calendar service or protocol."
"ajaxcontroltoolkit","2320","The ASP.NET AJAX Control Toolkit is an open-source project built on top of the Microsoft ASP.NET AJAX framework."
"web-audio-api","2320","Web Audio API is an advanced audio processing API directly available inside browser that helps to create, manipulate and analyze audio data using JavaScript."
"build-process","2319","The sequence of actions required to construct a software product or executable application, or the system which performs such actions."
"type-inference","2317","Type inference is the process of inferring types for programs automatically, using rules defined by a type system."
"archive","2317","A location or file that stores other files or data, normally accompanied by compression, encryption, sorting or organizing."
"reportviewer","2315","The Microsoft ReportViewer control enables web and client applications that run on the .NET Framework to display reports designed using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). "
"metrics","2315","Software metrics are quantitative data related to software."
"amp-html","2314","AMP HTML (Accelerated Mobile Pages HTML) is a project to make the web faster as well as easier to develop. It is a set of HTML tags, a JavaScript library, and a cache for AMP-compliant pages."
"virtualization","2310","Virtualization is the creation of a virtual (rather than actual) version of something, such as a hardware platform, operating system, a storage device or network resources"
"pcre","2310","Perl Compatible Regular Expressions(PCRE) was initially developed as a regex engine for PERL, but grew into a library that many other languages (like PHP and Apache) use for their regex. Use with the [regex] tag and any appropriate language tags."
"long-integer","2309","A long integer is an integer number, typically twice the size of a standard integer. It is represented by the keyword 'long' in several programming languages."
"azure-data-factory-2","2308","Microsoft Azure's cloud data integration service, it can compose data storage, movement, and processing services into automated data pipelines. It can connect to a wide variety of sources, not only from Azure. Its version 2 features more graphic tools and SDKs, providing an easier user experience compared to its previous version."
"android-mapview","2305","MapView allows you to create your own Google map-viewing Activity"
"dropbox-api","2305","The API for Dropbox, a file syncing, sharing, and backup service."
"windows-forms-designer","2304","The Windows Forms Designer is a graphical editor for Windows Forms controls within Visual Studio. Use this tag for questions specific to design-time support. For questions which are not specific to design-time support use WinForms tag."
"redux-thunk","2304","Thunk middleware for Redux. Redux Thunk middleware allows you to write action creators that return a function instead of an action. The thunk can be used to delay the dispatch of an action, or to dispatch only if a certain condition is met. The inner function receives the store methods dispatch and getState() as parameters."
"executable-jar","2303","A special type of jar file which contains all non-standard libraries and definitions necessary to run an application on a JVM."
"conditional-formatting","2303","Conditional formatting is a technique, where cells of a table are formatted depending on cells evaluated value or other conditions. Use with relevant products, which support such formatting like [excel]/[vba], [google-sheets]/[google-apps-script], [pandas]. If your question is not about programmatic access to Conditional formatting, consider asking it on superuser.com  where you can get general help with Conditional formatting."
"itunes","2300","Apple's proprietary digital media player application. Questions should be related to programs working with iTunes. Tech support questions are off-topic."
"var","2299","var is a keyword in a number of programming languages."
"uilocalnotification","2295","Local notifications and push notifications are both ways for an iOS application that isn’t running in the foreground to let its users know it has something for them."
"react-native-flatlist","2295","Flat lists is a component for rendering basic lists in React Native."
"dbcontext","2294","The DbContext API first shipped with Entity Framework version 4.1 and provides a more productive surface for working with the Entity Framework and can be used with the Code First, Database First, and Model First approaches."
"popen","2294","popen() is a way to communicate with subprocesses using a file-like interface. It originated in C, but has been ported to other languages (via extensions) such as Python."
"desktop","2293",""
"jersey-2.0","2293","Jersey 2.0 is the open source, early access JAX-RS 2.0 (JSR-339) reference implementation for building RESTful Web services. Only use this tag if your question specifically pertains to Jersey 2.0."
"xml-namespaces","2293","According to the standard, ""XML namespaces provide a simple method for qualifying element and attribute names used in Extensible Markup Language documents by associating them with namespaces identified by URI references."""
"resolution","2292","Questions about image resolution."
"uitabbar","2291","UITabBar is a user interface element in Apple's iOS, which is a bar at the bottom of the screen and has images and/or text representing different views of an application."
"azure-powershell","2291","The Azure module for PowerShell allows administrators to accomplish management tasks for Azure resources. The Az wrapper module includes only stable modules, the AzPreview wrapper module includes all PowerShell modules for Azure allowing to manage resources in all Azure services. "
"nsfetchedresultscontroller","2288","An Apple  fetched results controller is used to efficiently manage the results returned from a Core Data fetch request to provide data usually for a UITableView or UICollectionView object. It is available in iOS 3.0 and later."
"depth-first-search","2287","Depth-first search (DFS) is an algorithm for traversing or searching a tree, tree structure, or graph. One starts at the root (selecting some node as the root in the graph case) and explores as far as possible along each branch before backtracking."
"nhibernate-mapping","2287","XML mappings for the .NET framework object-relational mapper (ORM) NHibernate as created with .hbm.xml files."
"react-testing-library","2287","Questions about testing React components with the react-testing-library utility."
"esp8266","2287","ESP8266 is a highly integrated chip which offers a complete and self-contained Wi-Fi networking solution, allowing it to either host applications or offload all Wi-Fi networking functions from another application processor. "
"hybrid-mobile-app","2285","A hybrid mobile app is an web application built with web technologies (HTML, JavaScript, CSS) that is then ""wrapped"" in native device code to extend the functionality and availability of the app."
"snmp","2285","Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is an Internet-standard protocol for managing devices on IP networks and consists of operations for data retrieval, modification and notification. SNMP generally operates over UDP."
"velocity","2284","Apache Velocity is a Java-based template engine.  It can be used to dynamically generate web pages, email messages, source code, or any other text file."
"spring-cloud-stream","2284","Spring Cloud Stream allows a user to develop and run messaging microservices using Spring Integration and run them locally, or in the cloud, or even on Spring Cloud Data Flow.   Just add @EnableBinding and run your app as a Spring Boot app (single application context). You just need to connect to the physical broker for the bus, which is automatic if the relevant bus implementation is available on the classpath."
"azure-databricks","2283","For questions about the usage of Databricks Unified Analytics Platform on Microsoft Azure"
"apple-watch","2283","The Apple Watch is a smartwatch that was announced by Apple on September 9, 2014, with first deliveries in April 2015. Its third-party API, WatchKit, was released in November 2014. Use this tag for questions relating to Apple Watch hardware. For software questions, use the [watchkit] tag."
"deprecated","2282","Deprecation is a status applied to software features or language terms to indicate that they should be avoided, typically because they have been superseded. Use this tag for questions about deprecated features or how to deprecate features yourself (e.g. using annotations)."
"vert.x","2281","Vert.x is an event driven toolkit that runs on the JVM allowing the development of asynchronous web applications in Java, Javascript, Scala, Ruby, Ceylon, Kotlin and Groovy."
"user-agent","2280","A user agent is a piece of software (a software agent) that acts on behalf of a user. The term is often used to refer to browsers, and other software that sends network requests. In the HTTP protocol, a user agent identifies itself to the server using a user-agent string. The user-agent string is a string in the header of an HTTP request that identifies the browser, version, device, os, and other information about the device from which the request came."
"client-side","2279","The term ""client-side"" refers to that portion of a web application which runs in the user's browser. Client-side code is most commonly written in Javascript, HTML and CSS. The counterpart of ""client-side"" is ""server-side"", i.e., the part of a web application running at the web server."
"scalability","2278","Scalability is the ability of a system, network, or process, to handle growing amount of work in a capable manner or its ability to be enlarged to accommodate that growth."
"ssrs-2008-r2","2278","Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services provides a server-based platform designed to support a wide variety of reporting needs enabling organizations to deliver relevant information where needed. "
"content-type","2277","The Content-Type entity-header field indicates the media type of the entity-body sent to the recipient or, in the case of the HEAD method, the media type that would have been sent had the request been a GET."
"intersection","2277","Intersection is a term that relates to descriptive geometry and functions. Intersections are points which are included in multiple objects. They are intersections of the object they belong to."
"java-11","2277","Use this tag for questions specific to Java 11, which is version 11 of the Java platform, released on  25 September 2018. In most cases you should also specify the java tag."
"date-format","2273","`DateFormat` is a Java Standard Edition library class which provides utility methods to parse and format dates."
"reset","2273","Resetting something restores it to a default position or value, or to a previous position or value"
"opencv3.0","2273","OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision) is a library for real time computer vision. (This tag is for questions about OpenCV 3.0. Use [opencv] for general questions.)"
"singly-linked-list","2271","A linked list in which each node only points to the next node in the list, as opposed to a doubly-linked list in which each node points to both the next and the previous nodes. This tag should be used with additional tags indicating the programming language being used ([c], [c++], [java], etc.) and any libraries or plug-ins being used such as [c++-standard-library]. The post itself should contain source code for the issue."
"getelementbyid","2270","getElementById is an essential method commonly used in JavaScript in the browser to retrieve a particular element node in a HTML or XML document by its ID.  "
"rtsp","2269","The Real Time Streaming Protocol (RTSP) is a network control protocol designed for use in entertainment and communications systems to control streaming media servers. "
"android-lifecycle","2268","Questions regarding the events forwarded by the system to components, during their lifetime, in an Android Application. Most components have a specific LifeCycle that is imposed upon them. This tag is not meant to be used alone: use with the [android-activity], [android-service] and [android-broadcastreceiver] tags."
"bootstrap-5","2268","Bootstrap 5 is the fifth major version of the popular frontend component library. The Bootstrap framework aids in the creation of responsive, mobile-first websites and web apps."
"odoo-8","2267","Odoo S.A. is the software vendor of the Odoo Apps (formerly OpenERP)."
"silverstripe","2267","Silverstripe is a free and open source PHP web development framework and Content Management System (CMS) based on the eponymous Silverstripe Framework."
"corda","2265","PROGRAMMING questions about the open-source Corda DLT platform and associated CorDapps you are writing. GENERAL SUPPORT FOR CorDapps IS OFF-TOPIC. Corda is a distributed ledger platform designed to record, manage and automate legal agreements between business partners. Many of your questions are likely to already be addressed on the Corda docsite."
"apache-httpclient-4.x","2263","A Java HTTP client library. Supersedes the Commons HttpClient project."
"gensim","2262","Gensim is a free Python framework designed to automatically extract semantic topics from documents, as efficiently (computer-wise) and painlessly (human-wise) as possible."
"google-ads-api","2262","Google Ads (formerly Google Adwords) is a method to advertise on Google search results. Use for questions related to the Google Ads API (which includes the frontend JavaScript client and backend REST API). Questions about how to use Google Ads itself (bidding strategies, keyword research, etc.) are off-topic."
"copy-constructor","2259","A copy constructor is a constructor that creates a new object that is a clone of an existing object. The term is mostly used in the C++ programming language, where copy constructors have a special status."
"amazon-route53","2258","Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) web service. It is designed to give developers and businesses an extremely reliable and cost effective way to route end users to Internet applications by translating human readable names like www.example.com into the numeric IP addresses like 192.0.2.1 that computers use to connect to each other."
"meta-tags","2257","The HTML meta element provides a means to add various kinds of metadata to an HTML document."
"jsf-2.2","2251","JavaServer Faces 2.2 is the major JSF upgrade that's part of Java EE 7. It has some significant new features like task flows (Faces Flow), a stateless mode, basic theming (resource library contracts), build-in HTML5 support and a much improved ""bare HTML"" mode (passthrough elements). Starting from this version, JSF formally supports CDI and for some features even depends on CDI."
"andengine","2249","AndEngine is a free 2D OpenGL game engine for the Android platform and includes the Box2D physics engine."
"firebase-analytics","2249","Google Analytics for Firebase is a free, out-of-the-box analytics solution that provides actionable insights based on app usage and user engagement. It integrates across Firebase and Google and provides you with unlimited reporting for up to 500 event types that you define using the SDK. Google Analytics reports help you understand clearly how your users behave, enabling you to make informed decisions regarding app marketing and performance optimizations."
"sidekiq","2246","Sidekiq is a background processing framework for Ruby."
"c-strings","2243","A string in the programming language C is represented as a sequence of characters followed by a null terminator (represented as \0)."
"tracking","2243","DO NOT USE, since is considered too generic. Consider using a more specific tag such as [video-tracking] or [bug-tracking] instead."
"android-cardview","2241","CardView is a widget used to show complex lists and cards in your app, it has material design style by default."
"spring-jdbc","2239","Spring JDBC is a part of  Data access layer provided by Spring. The Spring Framework takes care of all the low-level details that can make JDBC such a tedious API to develop with such as database connections, creating prepare statements, process exceptions etc.,"
"osx-lion","2233","Mac OS X Lion (10.7) is the eighth major release of Mac OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers."
"pygtk","2229","PyGTK is the Python binding for the GTK+ widget library."
"dependency-properties","2228","A property in WPF and Silverlight that can be set through methods such as, styling, data binding, animation, and inheritance."
"simd","2228","Single instruction, multiple data (SIMD) is the concept of having each instruction operate on a small chunk or vector of data elements.  CPU vector instruction sets include: x86 SSE and AVX, ARM NEON, and PowerPC AltiVec. To efficiently use SIMD instructions, data needs to be in structure-of-arrays form and should occur in longer streams. Naively ""SIMD optimized"" code frequently surprises by running slower than the original."
"fiddler","2228","Fiddler (aka ""Fiddler classic"") is a .net based web debugging proxy, which allows you to log, examine, modify and replay HTTP/HTTPS traffic from your computer. "
"mpmovieplayercontroller","2228","A movie player (of type MPMoviePlayerController) manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream. Playback occurs in a view owned by the movie player and takes place either fullscreen or inline. You can incorporate a movie player’s view into a view hierarchy owned by your app, or use an MPMoviePlayerViewController object to manage the presentation for you."
"gsub","2225","Ruby, Lua, R and Awk methods for performing a global pattern substitution."
"dropzone.js","2225","An open-source javascript library which provides drag-and-drop file uploads with image previews"
"rpm","2225","RPM Package Manager (RPM) is a package management system for unix based operating systems."
"kohana","2224","HMVC PHP5 framework that provides a set of components for building web applications. Be sure to mention specific version when asking."
"jquery-ui-dialog","2224","The Dialog widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library"
"readfile","2221","ReadFile() is a Windows API function to read data from the specified file or input/output (I/O) device. Reads occur at the position specified by the file pointer if supported by the device."
"putty","2220","PuTTY is an open source SSH and Telnet client.  Use this tag only if your question relates to *programming* PuTTY or using PuTTY-based APIs. Questions relating to using or troubleshooting PuTTY usage are off-topic."
"angular-directive","2218","At a high level, directives are markers on a DOM element (such as an attribute, element name, comment or CSS class) that tells the Angular 2+ framework to attach a specified behavior to that DOM element or even transform the DOM element and its children. This tag is for Angular 2+"
"formik","2218","Form library for React and React Native"
"android-glide","2217","a fast and efficient open source image loading library for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface."
"stack-trace","2217","A report of the active stack frames at a certain point in time during the execution of a program."
"systemd","2215","Systemd is a system management daemon designed for Linux.  Use this tag for *programming questions* using systemd or its libraries.  Questions about *configuring the daemon* (including writing unit files) are better directed to Unix & Linux: https://unix.stackexchange.com."
"mef","2214","The Managed Extensibility Framework (MEF) simplifies the design of extensible and modular applications, and is a standard component of Microsoft .NET 4.0 and Silverlight 4.0"
"vtk","2212","The Visualization Toolkit (VTK) is an open-source, freely available software system for 3D computer graphics, image processing and visualization. VTK consists of a C++ class library and several interpreted interface layers including Tcl/Tk, Java, and Python."
"office-addins","2211","For the new Add-ins for Office please also add the office-js tag to your question.  Microsoft Visual Studio provides project templates you can use to create application-level add-ins for Microsoft Office 2010 and Office 2007. You can use add-ins to automate Office, extend Office features, or customize the Office user interface. "
"ibeacon","2210","iBeacons are Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE, also known as Bluetooth Smart) transmitters that notify nearby receivers, such as a smart phone, of their presence for the purposes of proximity sensing. A unique identifier allows the the receiver to take specific action such as displaying a notification message or configuring itself to use a smart device such as a lamp, smart-switch or other sensor."
"shapes","2209","Questions related to drawing or defining shapes."
"regex-group","2209","Regex groups are created by placing part of a regular expression inside parentheses. Groups allows to apply a quantifier to the entire group or to restrict alternation to part of the regex. Besides grouping part of a regular expression together, parentheses also create a numbered capturing group. It stores the part of the string matched by the part of the regular expression inside the parentheses."
"logcat","2208","Logcat is the command to view and filter information from the Android logging system, but more often the name is used as a synonym for the Android logging system itself."
"winsock","2208","In computing, the Windows Sockets API (WSA), which was later shortened to Winsock, is a technical specification that defines how Windows network software should access network services, especially TCP/IP."
"apache-spark-mllib","2208","MLlib is a machine learning library for Apache Spark"
"html-helper","2203","Refers to the `HtmlHelper` class for ASP.NET MVC views."
"ghostscript","2202","Ghostscript is a suite of software based on an interpreter for Adobe Systems' PostScript and Portable Document Format (PDF) page description languages."
"soap-client","2201","An application that calls upon a SOAP server."
"fpdf","2201","A PHP class which allows developers to generate PDF files with pure PHP instead of the PDFlib library."
"qtquick2","2201","Qt Quick is a modern user interface technology that separates the declarative UI design and the imperative programming logic. Instead of the traditional C++ APIs of Qt, the presentation layer of the application is written with a Qt-specific declarative language called QML."
"pyramid","2201","Pyramid is a Python-based web framework provided by the Pylons Project. Do not use the ""pyramid"" tag for displaying items in a pyramid shape."
"angular2-services","2200","Use this tag for questions related to Angular 2 Services, which are JavaScript functions responsible for performing a single task. "
"iis-express","2199","IIS Express is the developer version of full IIS that doesn't require Administrator rights to run.  See also the [iis] tag."
"image-segmentation","2198","Segmentation is a basic operation in image processing: its purpose is to group similar pixels into coherent regions = segments."
"nservicebus","2196","NServiceBus is a highly pluggable, reliable, open source Enterprise Service Bus built on .NET.  "
"ngfor","2196","The Angular NgFor directive instantiates a template once per item from an iterable."
"executorservice","2195","ExecutorService is a Java object containing the managed pool of threads and capable of scheduling the submitted tasks for these threads. The scheduling strategies vary in multiple available implementations."
"nstableview","2194","An Apple object that displays data for a set of related records, with rows representing individual records and columns representing the attributes of those records."
"clearcase","2194","ClearCase is a closed-source, centralized revision control system (VCS) from IBM. Among its features: per-file versions & branches; ""snapshot"" copies of versioned data as well as dynamically-synched views of server contents; replication.    Decentralized option: ClearCase Multi-Site, with Vobs (Version Object Base) replication Network access to versioned data: dynamic views.  It is currently managed by IBM (after being run by Rational)"
"joomla3.0","2193","Joomla! 3.0 is the first in a series of short-term support (STS) releases of the Joomla! platform. Many new features have been included, the main one being the bootstrap interface. Please note that version 3.0 is no longer a supported release of the Joomla! series and it's highly recommended to upgrade to the latest version. Joomla! questions about programming and administration are best asked on https://joomla.stackexchange.com"
"inner-classes","2190","In object-oriented programming (OOP), an inner class or nested class is a class declared entirely within the body of another class or interface. However in Java, an inner class is a non-static nested class."
"restsharp","2189","RestSharp is a simple to use REST client library for .NET "
"configuration-files","2188","Files that configure the initial settings for some computer programs."
"react-apollo","2188","React Apollo allows you to fetch data from your GraphQL server and use it in building complex and reactive UIs using the React framework. React Apollo may be used in any context that React may be used. In the browser, in React Native, or in Node.js when you want to do server-side rendering."
"nullable","2187","The nullable tag is for issues relating to nullable members or types. A null is used to represent a missing or unknown value.  "
"clojurescript","2187","ClojureScript is a dialect of Clojure that compiles to JavaScript."
"knex.js","2187","Knex.js is a query builder for Postgres, MySQL and SQLite3, Oracle and MS SQL Server.  It is designed to be flexible, portable, and fun to use. It features both traditional node style callbacks as well as a promise interface for cleaner async flow control, full featured query and schema builders, transaction support, connection pooling and standardized responses between different query clients and dialects."
"event-listener","2186","An abstract object that is triggered when a particular event occurs in the application or system."
"yii2-advanced-app","2184","Yii 2 Advanced Application Template is a skeleton Yii 2 application best for developing complex Web applications with multiple tiers. The template includes three tiers: front end, back end, and console, each of which is a separate Yii application.  The template is designed to work in a team development environment. It supports deploying the application in different environments."
"ada","2183","Ada is a structured, statically typed, imperative, wide-spectrum, and object-oriented high-level computer programming language, extended from Pascal and other languages. "
"implicit-conversion","2183","Converting an object, variable or value from one type to another to satisfy a type restriction, without specifically requesting that conversion through language syntax.  "
"fibonacci","2182","The Fibonacci sequence is the sequence defined by F(0) = 0, F(1) = 1, F(n + 2) = F(n) + F(n + 1).  The first few terms are 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8."
"pandoc","2182","Pandoc is an open-source, command-line, universal document converter for converting between various markup formats."
"azure-table-storage","2180","Azure Table storage is a cloud-based NoSQL service which is ideal for large amounts of structured, non-relational data."
"zlib","2179","zlib is a library used for data compression. Also a crucial component of many software platforms including Linux, Mac OS X, and the iOS"
"spock","2178","Spock is a testing and specification framework for Java and Groovy applications. The highly expressive specification language makes it easy to create and maintain the code."
"sse","2177","SSE (Streaming SIMD Extensions) was the first of many similarly-named vector extensions to the x86 instruction set. At this point, SSE more often a catch-all for x86 vector instructions in general, and not a reference to SSE without SSE2, SSE3, etc. (For Server-Sent Events use [server-sent-events] tag instead)"
"photo","2174","A picture created by projecting an image onto a photosensitive surface such as a chemically treated plate or film, CCD receptor, etc."
"utc","2173","UTC stands for Coordinated Universal Time - it is the time standard by which the world regulates clocks and time."
"mapbox-gl-js","2173","WebGL based Javascript library that renders Mapbox Vector Tiles in the browser. Not to be confused with Mapbox.js (older, Leaflet based library) or Mapbox-GL (collective term for several similar SDKs, including Android and iOS specific libraries)."
"android-6.0-marshmallow","2172","Android Marshmallow, formerly known as just ""Android M"", is version 6.0 of Android, is supporting API Level 23, and began shipping in October 2015."
"terminology","2170","Questions about the meaning or usage of programming terms."
"css-tables","2169","Use this tag instead of just [css] for questions about styling HTML <table> elements with CSS, or about using the CSS display:table property declaration to define an element's layout to mimic that of an HTML <table>."
"unix-timestamp","2169","The number of seconds between a particular date and the Unix Epoch on January 1st, 1970"
"indexeddb","2168","indexedDB provides a way to store data in the browser using Javascript. Unlike relational databases, indexedDB uses a key-value store that is conceptually similar to HTML5's local storage. However, indexedDB is better than local storage for storing large amounts of data and for querying data more quickly.  indexedDB is supported in IE, Chrome, Firefox, and Microsoft Edge, although support for specific features varies."
"drupal-modules","2167","Drupal modules are add-ons for Drupal that allow you to extend, and customize Drupal functionality.  Use this tag is for questions about available modules hosted on www.Drupal.org."
"istio","2167","Istio is an open-source platform for managing and securing microservices"
"ms-access-2013","2166","Questions regarding the Microsoft Access 2013 database management system."
"nsattributedstring","2166","NSAttributedString objects manage character strings and associated sets of attributes (for example, font and kerning) that apply to individual characters or ranges of characters in the string. An association of characters and their attributes is called an attributed string. "
"tensor","2165","A tensor is a multi-dimensional array. It is a key entity in many computational libraries, such as tensorflow, torch, theano, caffe, mxnet, used for machine learning tasks. If you use this tag, also tag the question with the corresponding library."
"parallax","2164","An effect that causes the position or direction of an object to appear to change when viewed from different positions, e.g., through the viewfinder and the lens of a camera"
"bytecode","2164","""bytecode"" is a blanket term for opcodes that are consumed by a virtual machine. For example, the JVM runs bytecode stored in .class files and the CPython interpreter runs bytecode stored in .pyc files."
"dllimport","2164","Use this tag for questions about importing functions, data or objects from DLLs (Dynamic-link libraries)."
"content-security-policy","2162","Content Security Policy (CSP) aims to mitigate the risk of cross-site scripting attacks by giving developers fine-grained control over the resources a page is allowed to load, as well as the script it's allowed to execute."
"azure-virtual-machine","2162","IaaS service provided by Microsoft Azure to host custom persistent virtual machines running Windows Server or Linux."
"searchview","2161","is an Android GUI widget that provides a user interface for the user to enter a search query and submit a request to a search provider"
"tabcontrol","2161","A tab control is a control in graphical user interface which contains multiple tab items that share the same space on the screen."
"hashset","2160","A HashSet encapsulates operations that allow for the comparison of elements in collections.  HashSets are frequently used to determine overlapping and unique elements within a collection."
"gpgpu","2159","GPGPU is an acronym for the field of computer science known as ""General Purpose computing on the Graphics Processing Unit (GPU)"""
"speech-to-text","2157","The translation of spoken words into text. Possible synonyms include automatic speech recognition, ASR, computer speech recognition, speech to text, STT. "
"jetbrains-ide","2156","For programming problems relating to using any of the JetBrains tools such as ReSharper, RubyMine, etc. If the issue is related to JetBrains Toolbox, please use the [jetbrains-toolbox] tag instead. General computing questions about using the IDE would be better suited for Super User. "
"linear-programming","2152","An optimization technique for minimizing or maximizing a function of several variables in the presence of constraints where all relationships are linear. "
"spring-data-rest","2152","Spring Data REST (SDR) is a Spring Data project that aims to make it easy to expose Spring Data repositories as REST services. SDR use Spring HATEOAS internally to create HAL response."
"tiff","2151","TIFF (originally standing for Tagged Image File Format) is a file format for storing images."
"glut","2151","The [Open]GL Utility Toolkit (GLUT) is a utility library for OpenGL applications to put the platform-dependent details (e.g. creating windows and responding to mouse events and key presses) under one hood, in an easy and portable way."
"flask-wtforms","2149","Flask-WTF offers simple integration with WTForms. This integration includes optional CSRF handling for greater security."
"cloudkit","2149","CloudKit is a framework for storing and retrieving data on Apple’s iCloud servers. Queries can be run against structured records on the server, and assets provide for large data storage.  The public database provides shared storage for web-style apps, and the private database provides storage for user-specific data.  CloudKit also provides a user identity so that an iCloud account can be used for sign-in for your app."
"countdown","2149","This tag refers to the process of counting down.  In other words, the act of taking an initial value and then consistently subtracting a smaller value from it until the original value reaches a specified amount (usually 0)."
"urlencode","2147","To “URL encode” or “percent encode” text means to encode it for use in a URL. Some characters are not valid when used as-is in URLs, and so much be URL-encoded (percent-encoded) when appearing in URLs."
"jooq","2146","jOOQ stands for JOOQ Object Oriented Querying. jOOQ effectively combines complex SQL, typesafety, source code generation, active records, stored procedures, advanced data types, and Java in a fluent, intuitive DSL."
"azure-webjobs","2145","Provides an easy way for you to run programs such as services or background tasks in an Azure Web App (previously known as Websites)."
"setstate","2145","Use for questions relating to the [setstate] method and component/widget state management in [reactjs] and [flutter]."
"arabic","2145","The Arabic tag is for issues relating to displaying user interfaces and managing data in Arabic written language."
"web2py","2144","web2py is a open-source full-stack web framework written in Python 2.x."
"jenkins-groovy","2142","Question regarding using groovy code in Jenkins, specifically in Jenkinsfile and groovy plugins"
"prompt","2141","prompt is a command-line or graphical interface which presents the user with a line editor or modal dialog and suspends execution until input is returned"
"social-networking","2140","This tag does not deal with social media issues. It concerns analysis of networks, a formal mathematical structure. A social network is made up of individuals (eg people, organizations), which are tied (connected) by one or more specific types of relationship, such as friendship, kinship, common interest, financial exchange, dislike, or advice-seeking."
"laravel-routing","2140","Routing in Laravel Framework's MVC implementation. Laravel is a free, open source PHP web application framework, and it is released under the MIT license."
"send","2139","is a generic tag for communication between programmed elements using some protocol."
"ioc-container","2139","In object oriented languages, an inversion of control container (ioc-container) can be used for configuring and managing objects in an application."
"shuffle","2139","Shuffling is the act of randomizing the order of the elements in a collection."
"shopping-cart","2138","Shopping cart systems for e-businesses such as online shops."
"uninstallation","2137","An uninstaller (also called a deinstaller) is a piece of utility software designed to remove all or parts of other software from a device."
"classnotfoundexception","2137","The Java exception thrown when an application tries to load a class by name but is not able to find the class. "
"laravel-7","2136","Laravel 7 is the previous stable version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on March 3, 2020. Please use the [laravel] tag for general Laravel-related questions."
"android-tabhost","2135","Display a sub list of tab labels representing each page in the parent's tab collection."
"tcpdf","2133","TCPDF is a PHP class created by Nicola Asuni for generating PDF documents without requiring external extensions. TCPDF Supports UTF-8, Unicode, RTL languages, XHTML, Javascript, digital signatures, barcodes and much more. It is a fork of FPDF."
"emgucv","2133","EmguCV is a cross-platform .NET wrapper to the OpenCV image processing library. Allowing OpenCV functions to be called from .NET compatible languages such as C#, VB, C++-CLI, IronPython etc. The wrapper can be compiled in Mono and run on Linux or Mac OS X."
"finance","2132","Finance relates to the management of assets over time under varying conditions, usually in order to make a profit."
"apex","2131","Apex is a strongly typed, OOP language that allows to execute flow and transaction control statements on the Force.com platform server in conjunction with calls to the Force.com​ API.  Not to be confused with Oracle Application Express (APEX) - use tag [oracle-apex] for Oracle APEX questions"
"google-apps","2129","DO NOT USE ALONE.Questions should be tagged with more specific, relevant tags whenever possible.   - For questions about programmatic interactions with services via [google-apps-script] or where no appropriate API tag exists, use: [google-docs] [google-sheets] [google-drive] [google-calendar] [gmail] [google-maps]  - For questions regarding API usage, use [google-sheets-api] [google-docs-api] [google-maps-api] [google-calendar-api]"
"ram","2129","RAM (Random Access Memory) is a form of computer data storage. A random access device allows stored data to be accessed in very nearly the same amount of time for any storage location, so data can be accessed quickly in any random order."
"noclassdeffounderror","2129","The Java Error thrown if the Java Virtual Machine or a ClassLoader instance tries to load in the definition of a class (as part of a normal method call or as part of creating a new instance using the new expression) and a valid representation of the class could not be constructed."
"selenium-ide","2129","The Selenium-IDE (Integrated Development Environment) is the tool you use to develop your Selenium test cases. It’s an easy-to-use Firefox plug-in and is generally the most efficient way to develop test cases."
"ios13","2129","The iOS13 tag should be used for questions specific to Apple's iOS 13 operating system. General iOS questions should use the iOS tag."
"unreal-engine4","2128","Unreal Engine 4 is a game engine created by Epic Games. Use this tag for programming related questions. For non-programming related questions, use https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/."
"nslayoutconstraint","2124","NSLayoutConstraint is a constraint defines a relationship between two of user interface objects that must be satisfied by the constraint-based layout system. Available in iOS 6.0 and later in UIKit and available in OS X v10.7 and later in AppKit."
"visual-studio-debugging","2123","Questions related to debugging methods and tricks in VisualStudio"
"birt","2123","For questions about Eclipse BIRT (Business Intelligence Reporting Tool) which is an open source reporting system that integrates with your Java/Java EE application to produce compelling reports. "
"qemu","2123","QEMU is a generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer"
"race-condition","2122","A race condition is when multiple threads/processes/clients all use a resource, without proper use of locks."
"android-jetpack","2122","Android Jetpack is a Google's set of libraries, tools and architectural guidance to build Android apps and provides common infrastructure code. "
"constexpr","2120","constexpr is a modifier introduced in C++11, which informs the compiler that the value of a function or variable is known or can be calculated at compile time. As such, it can be used as a constant in places where otherwise it couldn't be."
"elf","2120","ELF stands for Executable and Linkable Format, a file format for files containing machine code. Use this tag for questions about the ELF format itself, or for questions which are specifically about reading/writing ELF files."
"avr","2120","AVR refers to two families of either 8- or 32-bit RISC microcontrollers"
"interpreter","2119","An interpreter is a program that executes, i.e. performs, instructions written in a programming language. The tag [interpreter] should be applied to questions concerning the programming of interpreters or for questions about the detailed inner workings of interpreters. Use [interpreter-pattern] (possibly with this tag) for questions about the Gang of Four design pattern."
"bcrypt","2119","bcrypt is an implementation of the Blowfish cipher and a computationally-expensive hash function mostly used for password hashing."
"kineticjs","2118","KineticJS is an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that enables high performance animations, transitions, node nesting, layering, filtering, caching, event handling for desktop and mobile applications."
"distributed","2117","Multiple computers working together, using a network to communicate"
"uisplitviewcontroller","2116","The UISplitViewController class is a container view controller that presents a master-detail interface. In a master-detail interface, changes in the primary view controller (the master) drive changes in a secondary view controller (the detail). The two view controllers can be arranged so that they are side-by-side, so that only one at a time is visible, or so that one only partially hides the other."
"reinforcement-learning","2115","Reinforcement learning is an area of machine learning and computer science concerned with how to select an action in a state that maximizes a numerical reward in a particular environment."
"informix","2115","Informix is an SQL-based object-relational, OLTP/OLAP, NoSQL DBMS produced by IBM.  This tag is appropriate for questions about any of the products with Informix in the product name."
"division","2113","In mathematics, division (÷) is an arithmetic elementary operation."
"combinatorics","2112","Deals with combinations of entities belonging to a finite set in accordance with certain constraints."
"odoo-10","2112","Odoo is a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and released under the LGPL license since version 9 (previously AGPL). It is used by 2 million users worldwide to manage companies of all different sizes. The main Odoo components are the server, 260 core modules (also called official modules) and around 4000 community modules."
"android-theme","2110","A theme is a style applied to an entire Android application or Activity, rather than an individual View. When a style is applied as a theme, every View in the Activity or application will apply each style property that it supports."
"angular-promise","2108","Angular's $q promises provide a powerful abstraction over flow control. If you tag your question with this tag, consider also tagging it with ""promise"" tag. This tag is also appropriate for questions about angular and promises not relaying to $q directly."
"soundcloud","2107","SoundCloud is a social audio storage service and community. Their api allows for deep mashups, allowing access to nearly all track meta data, and provides streaming and downloads in various formats."
"text-editor","2107","A text editor is a type of program used for editing text files."
"lamp","2107","LAMP refers to a stack of web technologies based on Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP/Perl/Python."
"internet-explorer-6","2104","Internet Explorer 6 (IE6) is an old version of Internet Explorer. It was shipped with Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.  Internet Explorer 6 is no longer supported by Microsoft."
"specflow","2103","SpecFlow  is a Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) tool for .NET."
"vb.net-2010","2102","The version of Visual Basic .NET used in Visual Studio/Visual Basic 2010. Use VB.NET and Visual Studio 2010 tags instead unless the question is specifically about language features added in VB.NET 2010."
"bufferedimage","2100","The Java class BufferedImage is used to read and manipulate images and assist in double-buffering in desktop GUI applications."
"put","2100","PUT is a HTTP method which requests that the enclosed entity be stored under the supplied URL."
"jsonb","2098","Binary version of the json data type, used in Postgres 9.4+. The major practical difference is efficiency."
"confluent-platform","2098","a Streaming Platform providing enterprise event streaming functionalities complementing Apache Kafka."
"shortcut","2097","A route more direct than the one ordinarily taken. A method or means of doing something more directly and quickly than and often not so thoroughly as by ordinary procedure. "
"ddl","2097","Data Definition Language is a subset of SQL to manipulate structural elements of a database, not the content of tables. CREATE, DROP, ALTER and related statements."
"vps","2096","VPS stands for Virtual Private Server and usually refers to a single instance of a virtual machine leased for private running on a shared physical machine."
"video.js","2096","Video.js is an open source JavaScript framework for embedding and working with HTML5 and Flash video. It uses the HTML5 video tag as an embed code, and has a common HTML/CSS skin and API for both HTML5 and Flash."
"grid-layout","2095","Grid layout is used to align content into columns and fields. Unlike table layouts, grids are composed of guide lines so that elements positioned relative to the grid can have drag and drop behavior."
"logout","2095","The process of terminating an authenticated session."
"word2vec","2094","This tool provides an efficient implementation of the continuous bag-of-words and skip-gram architectures for computing vector representations of words. These representations can be subsequently used in many natural language processing applications and for further research. "
"osx-yosemite","2093","OS X Yosemite (version 10.10) is the eleventh release of OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers."
"implementation","2091","Deals with various issues of implementation."
"nodemailer","2089","Easy to use module to send e-mails with Node.JS"
"lubridate","2089","lubridate is an R package that makes it easier to work with dates and time objects."
"jquery-ui-autocomplete","2088","Autocomplete widget from jQuery-ui which enables users to quickly find and select from a pre-populated list of values as they type, leveraging searching and filtering."
"dry","2088","Don't Repeat Yourself, a software development philosophy which aims at reducing redundancy and code repetition. Questions regarding how to refactor code are better suited on codereview.stackexchange.com"
"cakephp-1.3","2086","This tag relates to the 1.3.x branch of CakePHP MVC framework."
"shortcode","2086","A shortcode allows WordPress plugin authors to offer hooks for their functionality into templates in a concise manner. Introduced in version 2.5, the shortcode is a definition of an object which accepts optional properties. Use this tag if you are implementing a shortcode and need help with the underlying functionality."
"jwplayer","2085","JW Player is a web video player with support for HTML5 video and Flash video, free for non-commercial use with commercial and enterprise licenses available. JW Player is supported across browsers & devices and offers complete JavaScript API control."
"detection","2084","Detection is a general term that describes the action of finding an object, event or state during a process."
"string-matching","2083","String matching is the problem of finding occurrences of one string (“pattern”, “needle”) in another (“text”, “haystack”)."
"es6-modules","2083","The standard module system for JavaScript, introduced in ECMAScript 6 (2015)."
"template-meta-programming","2082","Template meta-programming is a meta-programming technique in which templates are used by a compiler to generate temporary source code, which is merged by the compiler with the rest of the source code and then compiled."
"highstock","2082","Highstock is a JavaScript based charting library that lets you create timeline (especially stock) charts."
"firefox-addon-sdk","2082","The Add-on SDK is a set of tools and APIs that allow you to create Firefox add-ons using standard web technologies (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript). The SDK includes APIs, a test framework and documentation as well as a command-line tool for creating, running and testing extensions."
"android-fragmentactivity","2080","An Activity subclass introduced through the compatibility package to provide an implementation of the Fragment framework on version below Honeycomb."
"readline","2079","A library for command line editing, or a function to read one line of text."
"kernel-module","2078","A kernel module is a run-time loadable object file that is loaded into operating system kernel to add functionality to a running kernel. Examples include device drivers and other kernel items."
"dsl","2077","Domain-Specific Language is a programming language intended for a particular application domain"
"popover","2074","A popover is a GUI element visually similar to a popup, except a popover is part of the page from which it is drawn, even though it might obscure part of it."
"mern","2074","MERN stands for Mongo, Express, React and NodeJS.  "
"azure-keyvault","2071","Microsoft Azure Key Vault is a cloud-hosted service that allows applications to encrypt/decrypt data using (HSM stored) cryptographic keys and store and retrieve secrets."
"python-3.8","2070","This tag is for issues that are specific to Python 3.8. For general questions use the more generic [python] and [python-3.x] tags."
"string-comparison","2069","string-comparison is the action of comparing strings, resulting in a boolean or an integer indicating the ""distance"" between the strings."
"flot","2069","Flot is a pure JavaScript plotting library for jQuery with a focus on simple usage, attractive looks and interactive features. It produces graphical plots of arbitrary datasets on-the-fly client-side."
"glfw","2066","GLFW is a free, Open Source, multi-platform library for opening a window, creating an OpenGL context and managing input. It is easy to integrate into existing applications and does not lay claim to the main loop.  GLFW is written in C and has native support for Windows, Mac OS X and many Unix-like systems using the X Window System, such as Linux and FreeBSD.  GLFW is licensed under the zlib/libpng license."
"oracle-adf","2066","Oracle ADF is an end-to-end Java EE framework that simplifies application development by providing out of the box infrastructure services and a visual and declarative development experience."
"android-wifi","2064","This tag is related to Wifi related questions on Android mobile devices"
"image-resizing","2064","Image resizing is the downscaling or upscaling of an image. Dozens of algorithms exist, all with performance vs. quality tradeoffs. "
"python-decorators","2063","In Python, decorators are functions that conveniently alter functions, methods or classes using a special syntax.  Decorators dynamically alter the functionality without changing the source code being decorated. "
"weblogic12c","2062","The 12c (latest: 12.2.1) release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE 7 certified application server suite from Oracle. It's part of Oracle Fusion Middleware product line."
"glibc","2061","The GNU C library is used as the C library in the GNU system and most systems with the Linux kernel. It defines the ""system calls"" and other basic facilities such as open, malloc, printf, exit, etc."
"hadoop2","2060","Hadoop 2 represents the second generation of the very popular open source distributed platform  Apache Hadoop."
"fadein","2056","The fadeIn() method gradually changes the opacity, for selected elements, from hidden to visible (fading effect)."
"keyboard-events","2056","An event that is triggered when a Key is pressed on a keyboard input device"
"gesture","2056","A gesture is a specific pattern of touch, cursor, or physical movement that may be recognized by an application to perform a specific task."
"nginx-reverse-proxy","2056","When a reverse proxy proxies a request, it sends the request to a specified proxied server (http or other), fetches the response, and sends it back to the client, as if it came from the reverse proxy itself. "
"servlet-filters","2054","In the Servlet API, you normally use a Servlet when you want to control, preprocess and/or postprocess specific requests. But when you want to filter/modify common requests and/or responses based on specific conditions, then a Filter is much more suitable."
"quotes","2054","Computer programming languages' facility for embedding text in source code, also known as String literals"
"gdi","2053","Graphics Device Interface (GDI) is a device-independent, pure software graphics API under the Windows operating system for drawing graphic primitives and text. It is the underlying base used to render the Windows GUI elements."
"uipageviewcontroller","2053","UIPageViewController is an iOS container view controller that manages the display one of one or more content view controllers. It provides the ability the change of the controller via swipe gestures and also supports animated transitions."
"ifstream","2053","ifstream provides an interface to read data from files as input streams."
"sonata-admin","2052","SonataAdminBundle is a Symfony bundle to generate robust user friendly administration interfaces."
"firebase-hosting","2051","Firebase Hosting is developer-focused static web hosting for modern front-end web applications. Using Firebase Hosting, developers deploy SSL-enabled web apps to a global content-delivery network from a single command."
"explode","2051","explode() is a PHP function that splits a string based on a delimiter, returning an array."
"hidden","2049","Hidden could refer to a style value in CSS for the visibility property, a selector in jQuery, a possible value for the type attribute of an input or to an `HTML5` attribute."
"line-breaks","2048","Whitespace that forces text layout to continue at the start of the next line."
"android-contacts","2047","Content related to Android's Contacts APIs"
"attributeerror","2047","Use this with questions involving the Python `AttributeError` exception. Use the more general ""Python"" tag as well when using this tag."
"api-design","2045","API design is the process of determining and exposing a set of consistent method signatures, return values, and documentation intended for use by other developers to allow programmatic access to data."
"web.xml","2043","The web.xml is the web deployment descriptor file of Java Servlet based web applications. It allows you to define, declare and configure the Servlet API based implementations in your web application, such as servlets, filters and listeners."
"scapy","2042","Scapy is a network packet manipulation tool for use with Python."
"exc-bad-access","2042","EXC_BAD_ACCESS is a fatal error related to memory management on macOS and iOS."
"pyserial","2042","pySerial is a Python module that encapsulates the access for the serial port. It provides backends for different platforms and Python implementations."
"jquery-datatables","2041","DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library. It is a highly flexible tool, based upon the foundations of progressive enhancement, which will add advanced interaction controls to any HTML table"
"stringbuilder","2041","Stringbuilder is a class that provides a convenient and efficient way of working with text data in Java and .NET framework. "
"sidebar","2038","The sidebar tag is to be used for issues relating to displaying or rendering information to the side of an application."
"stringr","2036","The stringr package is a wrapper for the R stringi package that provides consistent function names and error handling for string manipulation. It is part of the Tidyverse collection of packages. Use this tag for questions involving the manipulation of strings specifically with the stringr package. For general R string manipulation questions use the R tag together with the generic string tag."
"pseudo-element","2036","CSS pseudo-elements allow for an enhanced display of content within elements or the ability to generate extra beginning or ending content for elements. "
"cql","2034","CQL (Cassandra Query Language) is used to interact with and query Cassandra tables. Its syntax is similar to SQL, helping to lower the learning curve to working with Cassandra. For the Cypher graph query language, use the cypher tag."
"anonymous-function","2034","Anonymous functions use a block of code as a value, defining it as an inline function without a name."
"org-mode","2033","Org-mode is an Emacs mode for keeping notes, maintaining ToDo lists, doing project planning, and authoring with a fast and effective plain-text system. "
"infinite-scroll","2033","Infinite Scrolling, also known as endless scrolling, is a technique that is widely used by websites and Web applications that host lots of content on a page where pagination would traditionally have been used. Infinite scrolling involves initially loading only one page of content. As the user scrolls down, the browser fetches another page via an AJAX request. There are several Infinite Scrolling plugins that facilitate this technique in modern browsers. "
"minikube","2033","Minikube is a tool that makes it easy to run Kubernetes locally. Minikube runs a single-node Kubernetes cluster inside a VM on your laptop for users looking to try out Kubernetes or develop with it day-to-day."
"tumblr","2032","Tumblr is a microblogging platform that allows users to post text, images, videos, links, quotes and audio to their tumblelog, a short-form blog."
"jstree","2031","jsTree is a JavaScript-based, cross-browser tree component packaged as a jQuery plugin."
"child-process","2029","For questions regarding  child-process "
"vi","2028","vi is a family of text mode-oriented text editors.  For general usage/setup questions please use https://vi.stackexchange.com/ instead."
"onload","2027","'onload' is a JavaScript event that is run when a document is loaded.  Likewise an 'onload' event can be trapped when loading a script."
"mixins","2026","A mixin is a way to enhance an object with properties or methods from another object without inheriting from that object."
"centering","2026","Centering is the act of placing something at the midpoint of a space."
"caliburn.micro","2026","A small, yet powerful framework, designed for building applications across all XAML platforms. Its strong support for MV* patterns will enable you to build your solution quickly, without the need to sacrifice code quality or testability."
"chromecast","2026","Questions related to Google's Chromecast device, a dongle that provides hi-definition audio/video on TVs via wifi streaming."
"http-status-code-403","2024","The 403 or ""Forbidden"" error message is a HTTP standard response code indicating that the request was legal and understood but the server refuses to respond to the request."
"drag","2023","In computer graphical user interfaces, drag is the first phase of a drag-and-drop operation.  This involves selecting a virtual object by ""grabbing"" it and dragging it with the mouse down to a different location or onto another virtual object.  An instance of some object relating to what was grabbed is usually brought with the drag operation."
"forecasting","2020","Forecasting involves estimating values (or distributions) that have not yet been observed."
"rx-swift","2020","RxSwift's intention is to enable easy composition of asynchronous operations and event/data streams. Use this tag only for questions that are specific to the RxSwift - Reactive Programming paradigm, or those that require code in the language. Use the related tags [ios], [osx], [apple-watch], [cocoa-touch], and [cocoa] for (language-agnostic) questions about the platforms or frameworks."
"expression-trees","2019","Expression Trees are an abstract representation of code in a tree structure where each node of the tree represents a programming construct (conditional, assignment, method call, etc.)"
"directive","2019","A concept of 'command' used by many programming languages and frameworks. Use this tag with a language and/or framework to indicate context. The C/C++ pre-processor is one language that relies heavily on directives. They call it ""pragmas""."
"ontology","2018","Ontology is a formal representation of knowledge as a set of concepts within a domain, and the relationships between those concepts. Those concepts and relationships create graph-structures and can be described by the lattice theory or other mathematical models."
"directshow","2016","The Microsoft DirectShow application programming interface (API) is a media-streaming architecture for Microsoft Windows. Using DirectShow, your applications can perform high-quality video and audio playback or capture."
"runnable","2016","The Runnable interface defines a single method, run, meant to contain the code executed in the thread."
"java-ee-6","2014","Use this tag for questions relating specifically to Java Enterprise Edition 6."
"android-testing","2014","The Android testing framework"
"ng-repeat","2014","`ngRepeat` is part of the Angular.js API. It instantiates a template once for each item in a collection."
"layer","2014","This tag is ambiguous. Consider using more specific tags to better reflect the question's content."
"jtextarea","2013","A JTextArea is a multi-line area that displays plain text."
"getter-setter","2012","Public mutator methods in object-oriented programming, responsible for changing and returning the value of private class members, thus keeping with the principle of encapsulation."
"amazon-vpc","2009","Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) lets you provision a private, isolated section of the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud where you can launch AWS resources in a virtual network that you define. With Amazon VPC, you can define a virtual network topology that closely resembles a traditional network that you might operate in your own datacenter."
"ruby-on-rails-6","2008","Ruby on Rails 6 is the latest version of Ruby on Rails, ""an open-source web framework that's optimized for programmer happiness and sustainable productivity."""
"sml","2006","Standard ML is a high-level functional language with type inference."
"breadth-first-search","2003","In graph theory, breadth-first search (BFS) is a graph search algorithm that begins at the root node and explores all the neighboring nodes. Then for each of those nearest nodes, it explores their unexplored neighbor nodes, and so on, until it finds the goal."
"web-worker","2002","Questions with this tag should be about the ""Web Workers"" technology. Workers provide a simple means for web content to run scripts in background threads. Once created, a worker can send messages to the spawning task by posting messages to an event handler specified by the creator."
"ipython-notebook","2001","The IPython Notebook consists of two related components: (1) An JSON based Notebook document format for recording and distributing Python code and rich text. (2) A web-based user interface for authoring and running notebook documents."
"wagtail","2000","Wagtail is a Django content management system (CMS), focused on flexibility and user experience. When using this tag, you may also want to add the [django] tag to improve visibility."
"zend-form","2000","`Zend\Form` is a class provided by the Zend Framework, an open source PHP 5 object oriented framework. The class assists in creating, rendering, and processing HTML forms. "
"webassembly","2000","WebAssembly (abbreviated Wasm) is a new portable, size- and load-time-efficient format suitable for compilation to the web."
"android-tablayout","1999","Android TabLayout provides a layout to organize pages of information."
"react-router-v4","1999","React Router - A complete routing library for React inspired by Ember's routing system"
"equality","1997","Equality is a relationship between two or more items or variables or objects that exists if (1) the items are the same item, variable, or object or (2) the items are different items, variables or objects but they have the same value. This tag should generally be used with programming language specific tags as well as other contextual tags such as database system. The post should include as much context about the equality test as is possible."
"licensing","1996","THIS TAG IS ONLY FOR PROGRAMMING LICENSING SERVICES. Questions about using software licenses are off-topic, but may be asked at opensource.stackexchange.com or law.stackexchange.com"
"analysis","1996","Analysis is the process of searching code, documents, or data to answer a particular question or predict a particular result."
"osx-mavericks","1995","OS X Mavericks (version 10.9) is the tenth release of OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers. "
"webdriverwait","1995","WebDriverWait : WebDriverWait which extends FluentWait<WebDriver> is a specialization of Class FluentWait<T> that uses WebDriver instances."
"sitemap","1994","A sitemap is an easy way for webmasters to inform search engines about pages on their sites that are available for crawling. The sitemap protocol format is defined at http://www.sitemaps.org/protocol.html"
"audio-recording","1993","Questions related to audio recording in applications. For voice recording issues, use [voice-recording] tag. For questions specific to sounds, use [audio]."
"subscription","1993","An arrangement to receive something, typically a publication, regularly."
"json-deserialization","1992","JSON deserialization is the process of converting a JSON string into an instance of an object, often a class."
"unique-ptr","1990","std::unique_ptr is a smart pointer that retains sole ownership of an object through a pointer. unique_ptr is not copyable or copy-assignable, two instances of unique_ptr cannot manage the same object."
"fatal-error","1989","An error that causes a program to abort, regardless of the programming language. "
"adfs","1989","Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS) is a standards-based web Single Sign-On federated identity which implements claims based authentication across forests."
"contour","1988","A contour line for a function of two variables is a curve connecting points where the function has the same particular value.  "
"rally","1986","Technical questions about coding to Rally Software's various APIs including the App SDK, various rest toolkits (Ruby, .NET, node.js, Java, etc.), and Web Service API."
"business-intelligence","1984","Business intelligence(BI) refers to the process of analyzing an organization's business data, by various (often computer-aided) means, to assist in the organization's decision making. BI technologies are capable of handling large amount of unstructured data to help identify, develop and create strategic opportunities. "
"genetic-algorithm","1984","A genetic algorithm (GA) is a search heuristic that mimics the process of natural evolution."
"iptables","1984","GENERAL IPTABLES SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com. An application that allows administrators to configure the packet processing tables provided by the Linux kernel firewall. Use this tag only for questions on programming with iptables. Questions about configuring iptables should be asked on Server Fault (https://serverfault.com/tour)."
"sizeof","1983","sizeof refers to the Standard C/C++ operator for returning the size in bytes of an expression or datatype."
"lombok","1983","Project Lombok is a tool for reducing boilerplate code in Java through annotations and compile time code generation."
"iis-8","1983","Internet Information Services (IIS) Version 8 is a web server and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows, and shipped with WIndows 8 and Windows Server 2012."
"option","1983","DO NOT USE THIS TAG. It is ambiguous and not helpful."
"internet-explorer-10","1982","Windows Internet Explorer 10 (IE10) is the version of the Internet Explorer web browser from Microsoft, and the successor to Internet Explorer 9. It is available on Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8, Windows RT, Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, Windows Server 2012, Windows Phone 8, and Xbox One."
"r-caret","1982","caret is an R package for classification and regression training. It provides a standardized interface to several of R's machine learning packages, along with utilities for training and plotting."
"arduino-uno","1981","The Arduino Uno is a microcontroller board based on the ATmega328 and created by Massimo Banzi."
"delete-file","1978","Tag for questions regarding file deletion. O.S. independent."
"endianness","1976","Endianness refers to how multi-byte values are stored in memory, sent between devices or stored on disk.  ""Big-Endian"" values are stored with their most-significant byte first, and ""Little-Endian"" values are stored with their least-significant byte first. Other byte-orders are possible but very uncommon, and cannot be described this way."
"xcode4.2","1975","the Oct. 12, 2011 release of Apple's integrated development environment (IDE) for Mac OS X and iOS. USAGE NOTE: Use this tag only for questions that are specific to this version of Xcode, and not for general Mac or iOS programming topics. Use [cocoa] for Mac programming questions, and [cocoa-touch] or [ios] for iOS programming questions."
"multi-select","1973","Multiselect is a user interface feature that allows the user to select more than one item in an items control. An items control can be anything that holds selectable items such as a dropdown list, data grid, or a custom listing or group of items."
"calculated-columns","1973","A calculated column is calculated from an expression that can use other columns in the same table"
"msmq","1973","Microsoft Message Queuing (MSMQ) is a message queuing implementation developed by Microsoft and deployed as part of its Windows platform since 1996. MSMQ is included on most versions of Windows but it's not installed by default."
"powermock","1971","Use this tag for questions about PowerMock, a Java library for creating mock objects for classes and methods. Questions about PowerMock's extension for Mockito should be tagged [powermockito] instead."
"actor","1971","Programming model distinguished by ubiquitous asynchronous communication."
"varnish","1970","Varnish is an open source reverse HTTP proxy with extensive caching abilities, i.e. a web accelerator. It is frequently used in front of websites to cache webpages in memory."
"sql-server-data-tools","1969","SQL Server Data Tools (SSDT) introduces an ubiquitous, declarative model that spans all the phases of database development and maintenance/update inside Visual Studio. The developer can use SSDT TSQL design capabilities to build, debug, maintain and refactor databases whether working with a database project, or directly with a connected database instance located on or off-premise."
"getjson","1968","Load JSON-encoded data from the server using a GET HTTP request."
"fastcgi","1967","FastCGI is an optimized implementation of the CGI interface that aims to reduce the processing overhead for each CGI request on a webserver.   "
"indy","1966","Questions related to the Indy (Internet Direct) open source networking library for Delphi, C++Builder, and FreePascal development environments.  Not to be confused with the HyperLedger Indy distributed ledger/utility library."
"inline-assembly","1966","Assembly that is embedded within a source in another, higher language, such as x86 assembly embedded in C or C++."
"google-api-php-client","1966","The Google APIs Client Library for PHP provides access to many Google APIs. It is designed for PHP client-application developers and offers simple, flexible, powerful API access."
"flex-lexer","1963","Flex (fast lexical analyzer generator) is a free software that generates lexical analyzers (""scanners"" or ""lexers"")."
"phalcon","1962","Phalcon is an open source, full stack framework for PHP. Functionality is exposed as PHP classes ready to be used. Written as a C extension, it is optimized for extremely high performance, being the fastest possible framework available for PHP developers."
"angular-services","1961","Angular services are substitutable objects that are wired together using dependency injection."
"rebase","1961","Changing the starting point of a branch in a Version Control System."
"actionscript-2","1960","ActionScript 2.0 is a scripting language used by the Adobe Flash software, introduced in Flash MX 2004."
"hybris","1960","Hybris is a subsidiary of SAP company, delivering enterprise software and on-demand solutions for using multiple communication channels to enable businesses to sell products across multiple distribution channels.  The Hybris solution is renamed recently to SAP Commerce."
"google-authentication","1958","All authentication using google accounts that includes plugins, application, games etc. which are based on different APIs provided by google."
"static-analysis","1958","""Static Analysis"" refers to the software tools (or their use) to analyze application code for arbitrary properties, such as errors (uninitialized variables, possible SQL injection-attack, is this code-dead, can an argument be null,...) or structure (what is the call graph for this code? is there duplicate code? what information is passed between components?)."
"nested-forms","1957","A form within another form, often in the ruby-on-rails environment."
"android-bluetooth","1956","The Android bluetooth subsystem. May also refer to using bluetooth hardware in Android."
"msal","1956","The Microsoft Authentication Libraries (MSAL) gives you the ability to add support for  Azure Active Directory v2 (serves Microsoft Account and AAD) and B2C. Supports native clients such as Windows, iOS, OSX, Android, and Linux."
"spark-structured-streaming","1954","Spark Structured Streaming allows processing live data streams using DataFrame and Dataset APIs."
"flyway","1953","Flyway by Boxfuse is an open-source database migration tool. It strongly favors simplicity and convention over configuration."
"convolution","1953","A mathematical operation that combines two signals to generate a third signal.  Convolution often arises in audio processing (e.g., filtering, reverb) and image processing (e.g., blurring, edge detection)."
"esb","1953","An enterprise service bus (ESB) is a software architecture construct which provides fundamental services for complex architectures via an event-driven and standards-based messaging engine (the bus). Developers typically implement an ESB using technologies found in a category of middleware infrastructure products, usually based on recognized standards."
"placeholder","1952","The HTML5 placeholder attribute specifies a short hint that describes the expected value of an input field (e.g. a sample value or a short description of the expected format).  The hint is displayed in the input field when it is empty, and disappears when the field gets focus."
"hashcode","1950","A hash code is a result of applying a hash function to data, usually resulting in an integer."
"freebsd","1950","FreeBSD is an advanced Unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms. It is open source and licensed under the 2-clause BSD license. "
"mvp","1950","Model View Presenter (MVP) is a derivative of the model-view-controller software pattern, used mostly for building user interfaces."
"appdelegate","1950","In iOS, the app delegate is responsible for managing the app throughout its lifecycle by responding to events such as launch and termination."
"aws-cdk","1950","The AWS CDK is an infrastructure modeling framework that allows you to define your cloud resources using an imperative programming interface."
"cplex","1948","CPLEX is a fast commercial linear, quadratic, and mixed-integer optimizer. CPLEX offers a number of pre and post-processing tools allowing the software to substantially reduce the number of variables (columns) and constraints (rows) of a model. It is possible to solve models via an interactive shell, OPL (Optimization Programming Language), or a number of interfaces to programming languages, such as C, C++, Java, C#, Python, and MATLAB."
"clock","1948","Hardware and system clocks used by drivers, OS and hardware languages."
"guid","1947","A GUID (Globally Unique IDentifier) is a unique reference number used as an identifier in computer software."
"encapsulation","1947","In OOP, mechanism for restricting access to some of the object's components or a design principle encouraging decoupling from implementation details."
"pm2","1946","PM2 is a CLI process manager for Node.js applications with a built-in load balancer"
"compass-sass","1945","Compass is an open-source CSS authoring framework which uses the Sass stylesheet language to make writing stylesheets powerful and easy."
"query-performance","1945","For questions pertaining to the measurement or improvement of a SQL query (that deals with speed)."
"dropwizard","1944","Dropwizard is a Java framework for developing ops-friendly, high-performance, RESTful web services."
"soa","1944","SOA stands for Service-Oriented Architecture, a flexible set of design principles that allow multiple separate systems from several business domains to inter-operate. Service orientation is a paradigm that frames what you do.  Service-oriented architecture (SOA) is a type of architecture that results from applying service orientation. ([From soa-manifesto.org][1] )"
"fgets","1944","Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fgets` (C) or `std::fgets` (C++). These functions are used to read a sequence of characters from an input stream and to write it into a character buffer as a string."
"omnet++","1943","OMNeT++ is an extensible, modular, component-based C++ simulation library and framework, primarily for building network simulators. ""Network"" is meant in a broader sense that includes wired and wireless communication networks, on-chip networks and queueing networks."
"node-red","1943","Node-RED is a data-flow programming tool for wiring together hardware devices, APIs and online services in new and interesting ways."
"gerrit","1940","Gerrit is a web based code review and project management for Git based projects."
"httpd.conf","1940","The main configuration file of Apache HTTP Server is usually called httpd.conf"
"mysql-connector","1939","MySQL provides standards-based drivers for JDBC, ODBC, and .NET enabling developers to build database applications in their language of choice. In addition, a native C library allows developers to embed MySQL directly into their applications."
"android-context","1936","Interface to global information about an application environment"
"options","1933","Options are various choices or courses of action available to someone in a particular situation."
"redmine","1930","Redmine is a flexible project management web application. Written using the Ruby on Rails framework, it is cross-platform and cross-database."
"xts","1929","xts is an R package that contains an eXtensible Time Series class and methods.  xts extends and behaves like zoo."
"coroutine","1928","Coroutines are a general control structure whereby flow control is cooperatively passed between two different routines without returning."
"jna","1928","Java Native Access (JNA) provides pure Java access to native shared libraries without the need for additional native or JNI code."
"bit-shift","1928","A bit shift operation moves the bits contained in a binary numeral or bit pattern to the left or to the right. "
"restore","1927","Use this tag on any questions related to data restore (in contrast to data recovery)."
"oozie","1927","Oozie is a workflow/coordination system to manage Hadoop Map Reduce jobs"
"toast","1925","A toast notification is a transient message to the user that contains relevant, time-sensitive information and provides quick access to related content in an app."
"opera","1925","Opera is a series of web browsers developed by Opera Software AS. The desktop versions—between 7 and 12.x—used the Presto rendering engine, while newer versions (15+) use Blink, a fork of WebKit."
"core-plot","1924","Core Plot is an open source plotting framework for macOS, iOS, and tvOS."
"tensorboard","1924","TensorBoard is a visualization suite for the TensorFlow library. It can be used to visualize the TensorFlow computation graph, plot quantitative metrics about the execution of the graph, and show additional data (e.g. images) that pass through it."
"google-data-studio","1919","Google Data Studio turns user data into informative reports and dashboards that are easy to read, easy to share, and fully customizable from a web browser."
"mime","1919","Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME) is an Internet standard that extends the format of email to support text in character sets other than ASCII, non-text attachments, message bodies with multiple parts, and header information in non-ASCII character sets "
"mpandroidchart","1918","MPAndroidChart is a powerful open-source Android chart view / graph view library. Use this tag if your question is specific to this library."
"twilio-api","1918","Twilio provides a bunch of APIs for services like Chat, Voice, SMS, Fax. Any issues or problem faced related to those APIs, this tag will be used."
"metal","1917","Metal is a proprietary framework for GPU-accelerated advanced 3D graphics rendering and data-parallel computation workloads. Made by Apple. "
"traversal","1917","Traversal is the action of iterating over all the elements in a sequence of elements."
"testflight","1916","TestFlight was a developer tool provided by Apple for distributing iOS builds wirelessly to beta testers. The service was terminated on February 26, 2015, and the functionality is now provided by iTunes Connect.  "
"jupyter-lab","1915","JupyterLab is a web application that provides a frontend to many different languages and interactive shells such as IPython. JupyterLab enables you to work with documents and activities such as Jupyter notebooks, text editors, terminals, and custom components. You can arrange  documents side by side using tabs and splitters. It supports Markdown, Python, R, LaTeX, images, CSV, JSON, PDF, Vega etc.  Use this tag for questions related only to JupyterLab."
"wcf-data-services","1913","This technology uses the OData protocol to transport data over the Internet using REST-ful paradigms. WCF Data Services was formerly known as ADO.NET Data Services and its code name, Astoria."
"shadow","1912","Questions related to drawing or setting shadows on an object. It refers to graphical shadow in user interfaces and 3D rendering and not to be confused with conceptual shadows (copies) of an object, library, database etc."
"blazor-webassembly","1911","There are two hosting models for Blazor apps: server-side (often pre-rendered) and client-side (WebAssembly). Because of the different hosting environments, something what may work on the client-side might not on the server-side, and vice versa. Use this tag for questions specific to client-side hosted Blazor apps."
"netcdf","1910","NetCDF (Network Common Data Form) is a binary file format for storing array-oriented scientific data. Use this tag for questions about programmatically encoding and/or decoding data to/from NetCDF files."
"code-behind","1910","Code-behind refers to code for your UI (Windows Forms, ASP.NET page, etc.) contained within a separate class file. This allows separation of the UI and the logic behind it."
"spss","1910","SPSS is a statistics package. Originally released in 1968, it is currently owned by IBM."
"dispose","1910","Performs application-defined tasks associated with freeing, releasing, or resetting unmanaged resources"
"android-dialogfragment","1909","DialogFragment is a fragment that displays a dialog window, floating on top of its activity's window."
"semantic-web","1908","Representation of database record subjects (a/k/a keys, IDs, entities), predicates (a/k/a columns, attributes), and objects (a/k/a values) as triples, where the first two are always URIs, and the third is either a URI or a literal; enabling humans and machines to more easily share, merge, and evaluate data from heterogeneous origins."
"move-semantics","1906","Move semantics is a programming language feature that allows a copy operation to be replaced by a more efficient ""move"" when the source object is a temporary or an otherwise expiring object."
"hyperledger-composer","1906","Hyperledger Composer (previously Fabric Composer) provides a layer of abstraction on top of the Hyperledger Fabric blockchain for building business applications. Please use this tag for questions relating to the use of Hyperledger Composer, but not general Hyperledger Fabric questions. Defects in Hyperledger Composer should be reported as GitHub issues."
"unzip","1905","Unzipping is uncompressing ZIP archives, the opposite of zipping."
"indexof","1904","indexof is a method in programming languages like Java, C#, JavaScript, etc. that returns the first occurrence of a letter in a string, or the first occurrence of an element in a list."
"helper","1903","Additional functionality not defined in a class that the helper operates on."
"git-svn","1903","git-svn is a bidirectional bridge between git and Subversion allowing to use a remote Subversion repository as a local Git repository while still be able to send changes back to Subversion."
"android-preferences","1901",""
"plesk","1896","Plesk (ex: Parallels Plesk Control Panel, Plesk Server Administrator, PSA, or just Plesk) software package is a commercial web hosting automation program."
"point","1896","A point is a fundamental geometry entity."
"database-administration","1895","the aspects of database usage not directly related to the insertion and extraction of information, such as security, configuration and performance tuning"
"gdal","1895","GDAL (Geospatial Data Abstraction Library) is a library for reading and writing raster geospatial data formats."
"preg-match-all","1895","A PHP function that performs a global regular expression match using PCRE patterns."
"firebase-admin","1894","The Firebase Admin SDK is a set of client libraries which enable App Developers to write more custom behavior for their apps by providing server technologies access to Firebase APIs. Currently, there are libraries for Node.js, Java, Python and Go."
"traefik","1894","Træfɪk is a modern HTTP reverse proxy and load balancer made to deploy microservices with ease"
"laravel-6","1894","Laravel 6.0 is a past main version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on September 3, 2019. Use the [laravel] tag for general Laravel related questions."
"slick.js","1894","A jQuery plug-in for carousel."
"large-data","1890","Large data is data that is difficult to process and manage because its size is usually beyond the limits of the software being used to perform the analysis."
"space","1890","DO NOT USE THIS TAG! It is too ambiguous; instead please use a more specific tag like letter-spacing (separation between letters), whitespace (between words), margin (areas of a screen), layout or a platform/language-specific tag (for non-web layouts), etc."
"angular9","1889","Questions about Angular version 9, the web framework from Google. Use this tag for Angular questions which are specific to only version 9. Use tag Angular for any Angular questions which are not specific to an individual version"
"portlet","1888","Java-technology-based web component, managed by a portlet container that processes requests and generates dynamic content."
"hierarchical-data","1888","Hierarchical data reflects a set of parent-child relationships.  These can be found in a genealogy, a taxonomy, a list of requirements for parts assembly, and innumerably other instances.  Methods for dealing with hierarchical data are often essential for data management and analysis."
"mustache","1888","Mustache is a ""logic-less"" templating language available in a range of languages."
"windows-phone-7.1","1888","Windows Phone 7.1 is the version number of the OS and developer SDK for Windows Phone ""Codename Mango"". Phones running this operating system are marketed as being ""Windows Phone 7.5""."
"angular-ui-grid","1888","angular-ui-grid is a datagrid written in AngularJS by the AngularUI Team.  This is the 3.x version of the former ng-grid.   It is a high-performant datagrid using virtualization for rendering rows and really shines when you have lots of rows. "
"keychain","1887","A keychain is an encrypted container that holds passwords for multiple applications and secure services. Apple Inc. uses keychains as password management system in Mac OS and iOS."
"amazon-elb","1886","Amazon Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple Amazon EC2 instances."
"default-value","1884","A default, in computer science, refers to a setting or value automatically assigned to a software application, computer program or device, outside of user intervention. "
"p2p","1884","Peer-to-peer (P2P) computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers. Peers are equally privileged, equipotent participants in the application. "
"shape","1883","Defines the boundaries of a visual respresentation."
"tablesorter","1882","tablesorter is a jQuery plugin for turning a standard HTML table with THEAD and TBODY tags into a sortable table without page refreshes."
"android-styles","1882","A style is a collection of properties that specify the look and format for a View or window"
"prestashop-1.6","1881","PrestaShop 1.6, is a popular version of the free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, and MySQL. There has been released a version 1.7, but many still hold on to 1.6.x.x because it's still (by October 2017) considered by some to be more stable than the latest version."
"rest-assured","1880","REST Assured is a Java library that provides a domain-specific language (DSL) for writing powerful, maintainable tests for RESTful APIs."
"amazon-ses","1880","Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) is a highly scalable and cost-effective bulk and transactional email-sending service for businesses and developers."
"laravel-5.6","1880","Laravel 5.6 is a previous version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on February 7, 2018. Use it in addition to the laravel-5 tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.6. Use the Laravel tag for general Laravel related questions."
"geopandas","1879","GeoPandas is an open source project to make working with geospatial data in python easier. GeoPandas extends the datatypes used by pandas to allow spatial operations on geometric types."
"string-concatenation","1879","String concatenation is the operation of joining two character strings end-to-end."
"game-development","1878","Questions directly related to programming computer gaming and interactive graphics/video. Questions involving game logic or general game development (which are off-topic here) should be asked at https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/"
"touch-event","1877","An event that is triggered when a user 'touches' a GUI component"
"tomcat6","1874","Version 6.x (December 2006) of the Apache Tomcat servlet container. Use only if your question is specifically related to features of this version."
"jdbctemplate","1874","The JdbcTemplate class is a key part of the Spring Framework JDBC abstraction. It takes care of opening and closing connections, translating exceptions etc. while offering a simple API to execute SQL commands."
"amazon-sagemaker","1874","Amazon SageMaker is a fully-managed AWS service that enables developers and data scientists to quickly and easily build, train, and deploy machine learning models at any scale."
"biginteger","1872","BigInteger is an arbitrary-precision arithmetic type in Java, C#, and other languages. It behaves like a signed integer whose size is limited only by available memory. "
"transparent","1872","A GUI (often web) technique for trapping user actions across multiple elements by using an overlaying, but transparent, GUI object."
"embedded-resource","1869","Resources (such as images and help files) that are embedded into the binary of the application itself and typically not available as files."
"vimeo","1868","Vimeo is a video-sharing website on which users can upload, share, and view videos."
"bluebird","1866","Bluebird is a fully featured promise library for client and server JavaScript with focus on innovative features and performance."
"scenebuilder","1866","SceneBuilder is a UI design tool for JavaFX. It supports WYSIWYG drag-and-drop editing and produces FXML which can be used in JavaFX applications."
"impala","1864","Apache Impala is the open source, native analytic database for Apache Hadoop. Impala is shipped by Cloudera, MapR, Oracle, and Amazon."
"fixed","1860","Please don't use; the more specific [css-position] or [fixed-point] tags are preferred."
"thrift","1860","Thrift is a software framework for scalable cross-platform, cross-language services development available from Apache."
"remote-server","1858","remote-server is a machine used for data processing which is accessed via a network"
"pseudocode","1857","Pseudocode is a compact and informal high-level description of a computer programming algorithm. It represents the code and may look similar to the code or code constructs, but it isn't actual code. It is a representation of the code or code construct. Use this tag for questions which are about pseudocode. Do not use this tag for questions which include pseudocode incidentally."
"google-play-console","1857","Google play console is for Android developers who wish for publishing their built Android apps to Google Play"
"alexa-skills-kit","1857","A collection of APIs used for developing new voice-enabled capabilities for Alexa and used in the Amazon Echo and other third party devices."
"angular-components","1856","A component controls a patch of screen called a view. Component decorator allows you to mark a class as an Angular component and provide additional metadata that determines how the component should be processed, instantiated and used at run time."
"lets-encrypt","1855","LET'S ENCRYPT QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED. Let’s Encrypt is a free, automated, and open certificate authority provided by the Internet Security Research Group."
"streamreader","1855","StreamReader is a C# class designed for character input in a particular encoding, it can be used for reading lines of information from a standard text file. By default, a StreamReader is not thread safe."
"lag","1854","Lag is a common word meaning to fail to keep up or to fall behind. In real-time applications, the term is used when the application cannot keep up with performance demand or user input. In other words, it refers to when the application is not keeping up with it's ""real-time"" concept, due to problems related to poor rate of cycles-per-second, a (possibly cumulative) lateness of response to user input, or other problems."
"azure-api-management","1854","Azure API Management is a cloud hosted service that can add many capabilities to an existing HTTP API on any platform.  This includes functions related to security, API key management, caching, documentation, and many other cross cutting policies."
"cv2","1854","THIS TAG IS PENDING REMOVAL. Instead, please use [opencv] and [python] tags. (More information: https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/385792) cv2 is the Python wrapper for the OpenCV image processing library."
"joptionpane","1851","JOptionPane is a Java class that makes it easy to pop up a standard dialog box that prompts users for a value or informs them of something."
"typeclass","1851","Type classes in Haskell are a language mechanism to support ad hoc polymorphism. They also exist in Scala, Coq, and Isabelle."
"modeling","1851","Modeling is the constructing and manipulating abstract (mathematical and/or graphical) representations of economic, engineering, manufacturing, social, and other types of situations and natural phenomenon, simulated with the help of a computer system."
"quickbooks","1850","QuickBooks is popular small to medium-sized business accounting software created by Intuit, Inc. QuickBooks Pro/Premier/Enterprise for Windows all include support for programmatic access to QuickBooks via Intuit's SDK/XML-based APIs. QuickBooks Online edition also supports an XML-based API. QuickBooks for Mac does not support any SDK/API/programmatic access."
"midi","1848","MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface) is a protocol used to allow music hardware, software and other equipment to communicate with each other."
"projection","1846","A projection is the transformation of a set of data from one form into another."
"dompdf","1845","An HTML to PDF converter written in PHP"
"tensorflow-lite","1843","TensorFlow Lite is a toolkit for Android and iOS that provides Machine Learning capabilities on-device."
"coded-ui-tests","1842","Coded UI tests are automated User Interface tests that can be created with Visual Studio to test different kinds of user interfaces, allowing for verification of user application functionality."
"bean-validation","1841","Bean Validation, previously commonly called just ""JSR-303"", is an annotation based validation framework for javabean properties and parameters of arbitrary methods. Hibernate Validator is the reference implementation and the most widely used one."
"sentiment-analysis","1841","Sentiment analysis refers to categorizing some given data as to what sentiment(s) it expresses.  Usually, it refers to extracting sentiment from text, e.g. tweets or blog posts."
"git-commit","1840","git-commit - Record changes to the repository along with a log message."
"linechart","1840","A line chart or line graph is a type of chart, which displays information as a series of data points connected by straight line segments."
"serversocket","1840","ServerSocket is a java.net class that provides a system-independent implementation of the server side of a client/server socket connection."
"lifecycle","1838","A sequence of events or system calls relevant to the creation, startup, inactivation, resuming, shutdown and destruction (cleanup) of some program or its component (activity, library, servlet). Lifecycles are supported by various programming platforms."
"session-state","1837","Session-state allows the retrieval of values for a given user as that user navigates through a website. It is used to maintain state across a visit within the constraints of the stateless HTTP protocol. Session-state is commonly abbreviated to session."
"facebook-android-sdk","1837","The Facebook SDK for Android helps Android app developer implement Facebook functionality into their Android apps. Features include Facebook Login, Friend and Place pickers, session management, native object responses from the Graph API and Feed and Requests dialogs."
"game-center","1836","The inner workings and use of Apple's GameCenter API in your apps."
"progressdialog","1835","An Android dialog that displays a progress wheel or progress bar. Because it's an extension of the AlertDialog, it also supports buttons."
"target","1834","In a makefile, targets are associated with a series of commands to execute when an action is requested."
"android-library","1834","An Android library project is a development project that holds shared Android source code and resources. Other Android application projects can reference the library project and, at build time, include its compiled sources in their .apk files."
"xctest","1833","XCTest is an Apple-provided framework which implements unit testing functions. It works with iOS 7 and all versions of OS X."
"enumeration","1832","The process of enumerating values, for example from some collection."
"nvd3.js","1829","NVD3.js is a library of re-usable charts and chart components for D3.js."
"powershell-4.0","1828","For topics and problems related specifically to Windows PowerShell 4.0.  PowerShell 4.0 shipped with the releases of with Windows 8.1 and Windows 2012 R2.  It is available as a download for Windows 7 SP1.  For general PowerShell topics, use the `PowerShell` tag."
"public-key-encryption","1828","An cryptographic scheme which uses two mathematically related keys; a public and a private key where a message encrypted with public key can only be decrypted with the private key and vice-versa."
"directx-11","1828","DirectX 11 is the 11th version of Microsoft's DirectX API, which is used to develop and handle tasks related to Multimedia, such as game programming, 3d visualizations and video on Microsoft platforms. DirectX 11 runs on Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, and Xbox One."
"facelets","1828","Facelets is an XML-based view technology for the JavaServer Faces framework. You don't need to use this tag on every single JSF question where Facelets is ""coincidentally"" used as view technology. Use this tag only and only if you have a specific question or problem with Facelets' own <ui:xxx> tags."
"sync","1828","Sync is a synonym for Synchronization, which refers to using controls to maintain a coherent representation, either a group of processes running the same program (process synchronization), or representations of data (data synchronization)."
"broadcast","1827","A broadcast is a one-to-many message passing interface. It is usually used in the context of a network programming or event-driven programming."
"code-analysis","1827","Code Analysis is the process of analyzing the code of the application to discover, review, validate or verify certain properties of the application. This is useful during the process of development and for testing the application before it is put in production mode, especially for checking the security related aspects. "
"signature","1825","In computer programming, especially object-oriented programming, a method is commonly identified by its unique method signature, which usually includes the method name, and the number, types and order of its parameters. A method signature is the smallest type of a method.  The signature tag should not be used to tag questions about digital signatures, email signatures or written signatures."
"windows-7-x64","1823","for questions specifically about the x64 version of Windows 7."
"querydsl","1823","Querydsl is a framework which enables the construction of type-safe SQL-like queries for multiple backends including JPA, MongoDB and SQL in Java."
"titanium-mobile","1823","A JavaScript-based platform to develop native mobile applications from a single codebase "
"epplus","1823","EPPlus is a .NET library that reads and writes Excel files using the Office Open XML format (xlsx) without the need of interop. EPPlus has no dependencies other than .NET."
"typoscript","1822","TypoScript is a descriptive language which defines how a website in the CMS TYPO3 is rendered. TypoScript mainly defines configuration values that are passed to the systems PHP code. It is object-based and organized in a tree-like system."
"c99","1822","This tag is for questions regarding the International Standard ISO 9899:1999, aka      ""C99"", with technical corrigenda, and for questions about code written in C99 (as opposed to K&R C, C89 or later C Standard revisions like the 2011 revision C11)."
"flutter-animation","1822","Flutter animations that use tweens or physics-based animations. This also includes any use of AnimationController or implicit animations."
"build-automation","1821","Build automation is the act of scripting or automating tasks like compiling, packaging, running tests, deployment etc."
"dc.js","1820","dc.js is a JavaScript charting library with native Crossfilter support that fosters highly efficient exploration of large multi-dimensional datasets (inspired by Crossfilter's demo)."
"regex-negation","1819","Regex-negation is an operation performed on a character class that complements its pattern. The result is the character class matching anything not in its class."
"jlist","1819","JList is a Java Swing component that displays a list of objects and allows the user to select one or more items. A separate model, ListModel, maintains the contents of the list. "
"zipfile","1819","For issues relating to creating and/or utilizing zip files."
"recursive-query","1819","The ability to run recursive queries in SQL"
"multipart","1819","Multipart is content type that allows multiple MIME types to be embedded in a single message."
"splunk","1818","Splunk is a tool for collecting, monitoring, visualizing and analyzing machine data from any source. You may receive faster responses at answers.splunk.com which is actively monitored by Splunk employees"
"text-processing","1818","Mechanizing the creation or manipulation of electronic text."
"shortest-path","1817","Shortest path problems are problems addressing finding the shortest path from a single source to a target source, usually in a graph."
"imagick","1816","Imagick is a native php extension to create and modify images using the ImageMagick library. Please upload example images to imgur.com (or other site) if your question is asking why Imagick is not producing the images you are expecting, so that people can reproduce your problem."
"navigationbar","1816","A navigation bar is a section of a UI, commonly used in web pages and mobile apps, consisting of a grouping of buttons, menus, or links that lead to the main sections or most frequently used content or resources, typically arranged in a row positioned along the top edge or column positioned along the left edge. This tag should be used for questions whose subject matter specifically pertains to the design or functionality of navigation bars."
"yacc","1816","The computer program yacc is a parser generator developed by Stephen C. Johnson at AT&T for the Unix operating system."
"apollo-server","1815","Apollo Server is a GraphQL server for Express, Connect, Hapi and Koa, written in TypeScript"
"packaging","1814","Packaging is a configuration management process involved with capturing the knowledge needed to install or uninstall software on a target system."
"css-shapes","1814","CSS-Shapes are made by the use of Cascade Styling Sheets to make HTML elements into shapes and images. The most basic shapes include triangles, squares, and circles but can be made into more advance shapes such as hearts, octagons, and stars."
"elm","1813","Elm is a functional programming language for writing web applications that can fully replace, or interoperate with, HTML/CSS/JavaScript."
"windows-server-2008-r2","1813","Windows Server 2008 R2 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft."
"colorbox","1813","A light-weight, customizable lightbox plugin for jQuery 1.3.2+."
"spring-transactions","1811","Questions related to Spring's Transaction API (programmatic or declarative)"
"spring-test","1811","`spring-test` is the testing module of the Spring Framework, providing support for unit and integration testing with JUnit and TestNG, including various mocks for unit testing and the Spring TestContext Framework & the Spring MVC Test Framework for integration testing Spring-based applications."
"parse-server","1811","Parse Server is an open source version of the Parse backend that can be deployed to any infrastructure that can run Node.js."
"discord.py-rewrite","1810","Discord.py is an API wrapper of the Official Discord API written in Python. Tagging: Questions regarding the rewrite branch (v1.0) of discord.py should be tagged the following tags [python] + [discord] + [discord.py] + [discord.py-rewrite]. Only when using the rewrite branch (v1.0) of discord.py should the question be tagged with this tag (if you're not sure, do not use this tag). "
"tensorflow-datasets","1810","TensorFlow's `tf.data` module provides a functional API for building input pipelines, using the `tf.data.Dataset` and `tf.data.Iterator` classes."
"numerical-methods","1808","Algorithms which solve mathematical problems by means of numerical approximation (as opposed to symbolic computation)."
"lucene.net","1808","Lucene.NET is a source code, class-per-class, API-per-API, algorithmic port of the Java Lucene search engine to the C# and .NET platform utilizing the Microsoft .NET Framework and .NET Standard.  NOTE: You should almost always include the [lucene] tag when using this one. The Lucene.NET design is similar to its Java counterpart and you are more likely to get a satisfactory answer when it is included."
"arangodb","1807","ArangoDB is a multi-model NoSQL database with a flexible data model for documents, graphs, and key-values collections."
"atlassian-sourcetree","1805","Atlassian Sourcetree is a Git and Mercurial desktop client for Mac and Windows."
"dto","1805","DTO is an acronym for Data Transfer Object, a design pattern used in data transfer."
"phonegap","1805","PhoneGap is a distribution of Apache Cordova. You can think of Apache Cordova as the engine that powers PhoneGap, similar to how Blink is the engine that powers Chrome or Opera.  Over time, the PhoneGap distribution may contain additional tools that tie into other Adobe services, which would not be appropriate for an Apache project. For example, PhoneGap Build."
"jquery-ui-draggable","1804","The jQuery UI Draggable plugin makes selected elements draggable with mouse movement."
"console.log","1803","a debugging tool for JavaScript. It is method of the console object which logs the given object in the Browser's JS console."
"unmarshalling","1803","Unmarshalling is the process of transforming the storage or transmission representation of an object back into its original memory representation. It is the inverse of marshalling."
"drupal-views","1802","The Views module is a Drupal module that allows creating lists of content with a flexible query builder. "
"tf.keras","1802","[tf.keras] is TensorFlow's implementation of the Keras API specification. Use the tag for questions specific to this TensorFlow module. You might also add the tag [keras] to your question since it has the same API."
"angular2-directives","1802","Use for questions about Angular 2+ directives"
"void","1801","An incomplete type used as syntactic place-holder for the return type of a method/function when no value is returned."
"create-table","1800","The statement that creates a table in SQL (`CREATE TABLE ...`)."
"java-web-start","1800","Java Web Start (JWS) is the Oracle technology used to launch rich client (Swing, Java-FX, SWT, AWT..) desktop applications directly from a network or internet link.  It offers 'one click' installation for platforms that support Java."
"cqrs","1800","Command-Query Responsibility Segregation (CQRS) is an architectural pattern which separates commands (that change the data) from queries (that read the data). See 'about cqrs tag' for more details and references to learning materials. Not to be confused with Command-Query Segregation ([CQS]), a principle of object method design which CQRS incorporates."
"xls","1800","xls is the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Excel (prior to Excel 2007)."
"pull-request","1799","Pull requests are made when a developer forks a project, makes changes, and then wants those changes to be included in the main project again. These were made popular by Github and Bitbucket."
"ecmascript-5","1798","ECMAScript is the name of the Ecma International Standard 262. It is based on the scripting language JavaScript which was delivered by Netscape to Ecma for standardization. The 5th Edition is an update of the 3rd edition specification after the cancellation of the 4th edition. It adds new features including strict mode, getters and setters, a JSON object, and new methods for Object, Array, Date, and Function prototypes."
"uisegmentedcontrol","1798","UISegmentedControl is a class from UIKit in Apple iOS framework. A UISegmentedControl object is a horizontal control made of multiple segments, each segment functioning as a discrete button."
"mmap","1798","mmap is a POSIX-compliant Unix system call that maps files or devices into memory."
"volatile","1797","Volatile is a qualifier used to define a data storage area (object, field, variable, parameter) that ""can change on its own"", thus disallowing some code generator optimizations.  In some but not all languages that recognize this qualifier the access to such data is thread safe."
"laravel-5.8","1797","Laravel 5.8 is the previous stable version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on February 26, 2019. Use it in addition to the [laravel-5] tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.8. Use the [laravel] tag for general Laravel related questions."
"smartcard","1796","A smartcard is a card with an embedded chip that may store cryptographic keys and/or perform cryptographic functions. Smartcards are often use as employee ID badges or in contactless credit/debit cards."
"facebook-c#-sdk","1796","The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook."
"uiviewanimation","1795","There is no default class called UIViewAnimation, this tag refers to methods that perform animation on UIView objects."
"anylogic","1794","AnyLogic is a flexible, multi-method modeling tool capable of producing a variety of simulations. From supply chain and logistics, to manufacturing and market analysis, to disease and social norm dispersion, AnyLogic allows businesses, researchers, and public policy makers to evaluate decisions before they're implemented in practice."
"imagebutton","1793","An image button is a button that displays an image, regardless of platform"
"numba","1792","Numba is an open source NumPy-aware optimizing compiler for Python."
"htmlunit","1791","HtmlUnit is a ""headless browser"". Which means that there is no browser GUI and it does no rendering. Though it has a CSS and JS engine to simulate a real browser. Primary purpose is testing and information extraction."
"provisioning-profile","1790","A profile used by Apple for verifying code signing for an application."
"postgresql-9.1","1790","for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.1."
"python-module","1790","A module is a file containing Python definitions and statements. "
"yui","1790","A set of utilities and controls, created  by Yahoo in JavaScript and CSS, for building richly interactive web applications using techniques such as DOM scripting, DHTML and AJAX"
"synchronized","1789","A block or method is said to be 'synchronized' if entry to it is controlled by the Java `synchronized` keyword. This causes access to it to be restricted to a single thread at a time: when concurrent accesses occur, they are sequentialized in an unspecified order."
"tvos","1789","tvOS is an operating system developed by Apple for the Apple TV based on its successful iOS operating system. The first beta was released on September 9th, 2015."
"covariance","1788","Covariance, contravariance and invariance describe how the existing type inheritance hierarchy changes when subjected to some transformation (such as usage within generics).  If the transformation keeps the ordering of the original hierarchy, it is ""covariant"".  If it reverses it, it is ""contravariant"".  If it breaks it, it is ""invariant""."
"extjs4.1","1788","The April 2012 release of the popular JavaScript framework Ext JS.  Warning: please use this tag along with the generic extjs tag. Otherwise your question will not be seen by the many thousands following extjs."
"blur","1787","The visual effect. For the JavaScript ""loss of focus""-event, use [onblur]."
"wso2carbon","1786","The WSO2 Carbon is a platform for development of component-based middleware for enterprise IT. It is based on Java OSGi technology."
"firebaseui","1786","FirebaseUI is a binding library that simplifies developing applications for iOS and Android with Firebase."
"ternary-operator","1784","A ternary operator is any operator that takes three arguments. For the ternary conditional operator "" ?   :""  use the tag [tag:conditional-operator].  Also include the appropriate language tag."
"instruments","1783","Instruments usually refers to the performance analysis developer tool provided by Apple for Mac and iOS development."
"radio","1783","Radio is the transmission of signals through free space by electromagnetic radiation of a frequency significantly below that of visible light, or a device for doing the same. Radios are typically used for communication including voice, video and data. This includes Wi-fi, Bluetooth, Mobile phones, GPS, Radar, some remote control devices and near field communication devices (NFC) such as contactless smartcards."
"kubernetes-pod","1783","Kubernetes-pod refers to Pods, the smallest deployable units of computing that can be created and managed in the cluster management software Kubernetes.  Use this tag for questions related to this group of containers."
"smartcontracts","1782","Smart contracts also known as a smart property are computer protocols that facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract, or that make a contractual clause unnecessary."
"monogame","1782","MonoGame is an OpenSource implementation of Microsoft's XNA 4 APIs that allows developers to build games that run on Android, iPhone, iPad, Mac OS, Linux, PlayStation Mobile (2D only), Windows 8 Store, Windows Phone 8, and OUYA, while reusing their existing XNA code that runs on Windows, Xbox 360, or Windows Phone 7. It supports both OpenGL and DirectX rendering."
"multiline","1782","Text that spans more than one line is considered ""multiline"".  Concerns about wrapping, spacing, techniques and best practices."
"com-interop","1781","COM interop is the layer that allows .NET assemblies to communicate with standard COM objects and libraries."
"aptana","1781","Aptana Studio development environment is a free, open-source (GPL) application designed to edit and debug HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Ruby, PHP and Python web apps."
"sha1","1781","SHA-1 is a cryptographic hash function designed by the U.S. Government as a Federal Information Processing Standard. Recently, collisions have been detected, meaning that SHA1 is becoming more vulnerable to attacks, and its use for protecting data is not recommended."
"h2o","1779","H2O is an in-memory platform for distributed, scalable machine learning. H2O uses familiar interfaces like R, Python, Scala, Java, JSON and the Flow notebook/web interface, and works seamlessly with big data technologies like Hadoop and Spark.  H2O provides implementations of many popular algorithms such as GBM, Random Forest, Deep Neural Networks, Word2Vec and Stacked Ensembles. It is an open source project maintained by H2O.ai (formerly known as 0xdata)."
"type-hinting","1779","Type hinting binds function arguments to specific objects or strongly types them. "
"facebook-ios-sdk","1778","Facebook's SDK for developing Facebook-connected applications for iOS devices"
"messagebox","1777","A message box is a prefabricated modal dialog box that displays a text message to a user."
"raku","1776","For questions relating to the Raku programming language (formerly known as Perl 6)."
"sha256","1775","sha256 stands for Secure Hash Algorithm-256. It is a hash function computed with 32-bit words. It was designed by the US National Security Agency (NSA). It is used to authenticate Debian GNU/Linux software packages, in the DKIM message signing standard and many other applications."
"delete-row","1773","Delete row refers to the removal of rows from a relational database."
"android-pendingintent","1773","An Android class that provides a description of an Intent and target action to perform with it"
"phaser-framework","1773","Phaser is a JavaScript framework for game development on desktop and mobile platforms. This tag can be used for all versions of Phaser."
"clang++","1772",""
"channel","1772","A communication construct enabling sending of objects between execution threads.  You may and should use this tag to refer either to the generic programming notion or the specific implementations in various languages or libraries. In the latter case don't forget to add the appropriate tag."
"kafka-producer-api","1772","Use for questions related to the Apache Kafka producer API. Any question related to producing into Kafka topics. Producer failures and recover, idempotency, and transactional API.  "
"lldb","1771","LLDB is a debugger built as a set of reusable components which highly leverage existing libraries in the larger LLVM Project, such as the Clang expression parser and LLVM disassembler."
"code-snippets","1771","For issues relating to the creation, use, and maintenance of code snippets."
"cin","1770","std::cin is the global stream object provided by the C++ standard library for reading from the standard input stream."
"named-pipes","1770","A named pipe is an inter-process communication mechanism, which exists both on Unix and Unix-like systems (where it is also known as a FIFO and is file-like), and on Microsoft Windows (where it is an in-memory kernel object). The semantics and APIs differ substantially between the platforms.  "
"nginx-ingress","1770","ingress-nginx is an NGINX controller built around the Kubernetes Ingress resource that uses ConfigMap to store the NGINX configuration."
"xcode9","1769","This tag should only be used for questions specific to the usage and features of Xcode 9. Do not use this tag just because you are using Xcode to develop your app. General Xcode questions should use the non-version specific xcode tag. Use tags appropriate for the OS such as ios or macos."
"qmake","1769","`qmake`, part of the Qt framework, is a tool for generating Makefiles and IDE project files."
"slide","1769","An UI effect where an element or group of elements move over a surface while maintaining smooth continuous contact."
"rx-android","1768","RxJava bindings for Android"
"overlap","1767","Two or more elements overlap when they partially or totally cover one another."
"serilog","1767","Serilog is a .NET library which provides diagnostic logging to files, the console, and so-on. Consider using this tag along with the .net framework version you are using for extra clarity"
"predicate","1766","A Predicate is a method which represents a set of criteria and decides for a given object if these criteria are fulfilled or not. In computer languages a Predicate is expressed as a function which takes a single object as input parameter and returns a boolean value."
"software-design","1765","Software design is the activity of deciding what properties, elements, responsibilities, interfaces, relationships and interactions are required in order to create an effective piece of software."
"getter","1765","A getter is a public accessor method, used in object-oriented programming, which returns the value associated with a private member of a class."
"x509","1764","In cryptography, X.509 is a standard for a public key infrastructure (PKI) for single sign-on (SSO) and Privilege Management Infrastructure (PMI). "
"file-transfer","1763","Is a generic term for the act of transmitting files over a computer network or the Internet."
"spring-jms","1763","Spring provides a JMS integration framework that simplifies the use of the JMS API much like Spring's integration does for the JDBC API."
"angular-forms","1763","Questions related to Angular template or reactive forms."
"mongoengine","1762","MongoEngine is a Document-Object Mapper (think ORM, but for document databases) for working with MongoDB from Python. It uses a simple declarative API, similar to the Django ORM."
"dijkstra","1762","Dijkstra's algorithm, conceived by Dutch computer scientist Edsger Dijkstra is a graph search algorithm that solves the single-source shortest path problem for a connected graph with nonnegative edge path costs, producing a shortest path tree. This algorithm is often used in routing and as a subroutine in other graph algorithms."
"adsense","1762","GENERAL ADSENSE SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Questions should pertain to adding Adsense to your website code. Adsense is Google's advertising system for content providers. Placing Adsense on your site will earn you revenue that you split with Google."
"foreign-key-relationship","1762","In the context of relational databases, a foreign key is a referential constraint between two tables"
"observer-pattern","1761","A design pattern in which an object, called the subject, maintains a list of its dependents, called observers and notifies them automatically of any state changes, usually by calling one of their methods. It is one of the Gang of Four's behavioral design patterns.  When using this tag on implementation heavy questions - tag the code language the implementation is written in."
"glm","1760","For questions relating to generalized linear models. For the GLM math library, see the [glm-math] tag."
"data-conversion","1760","This tag refers to the process of converting the data type of one piece of information into another type."
"apache-commons","1759","The Apache Commons project provides reusable, open source Java software components. Consider using a component specific tag (such as apache-commons-lang) rather than this general tag. "
"difference","1758","This tag may refer to 1) the difference between two numbers (i.e. the difference between 5 and 10 is 5) or 2) the things that two or more particular objects do not share in common."
"aix","1758","AIX (Advanced Interactive eXecutive, pronounced ""a i ex"") is a series of proprietary Unix operating systems developed and sold by IBM for several of its computer platforms."
"checksum","1757","A checksum or hash sum is a fixed-size datum computed from an arbitrary block of digital data for the purpose of detecting accidental errors that may have been introduced during its transmission or storage. The integrity of the data can be checked at any later time by recomputing the checksum and comparing it with the stored one."
"permalinks","1757","A permalink, or permanent link, is a URL that points to a specific blog or forum entry after it has passed from the front page to the archives."
"http-status-code-301","1757","The 301 or Moved Permanently error message is a HTTP standard response code indicating that the requested resource has been assigned a new permanent URI. Future references should use one of the returned URIs."
"word","1756","A word is the amount of data that a processor can fit in its general-purpose registers -- effectively the amount of data the processor can handle ""at once"". Programming-related questions concerning Microsoft Word should NOT use this tag - use the tag [ms-word] instead. Questions on general usage of Microsoft Word are off-topic for Stack Overflow and should be asked on Super User instead."
"volume","1755","1) Volume, or loudness Loudness is the characteristic of a sound. 2) Volume of an object or amount of space occupied by that object."
"netbeans-8","1755","NetBeans IDE 8.0 provides out-of-the-box code analyzers and editors for working with the latest Java 8 technologies--Java SE 8, Java SE Embedded 8, and Java ME Embedded 8. The IDE also has a range of new enhancements that further improve its support for Maven and Java EE with PrimeFaces; new tools for HTML5, in particular for AngularJS; and improvements to PHP and C/C++ support. "
"scp","1754","For questions around ""Secure Copy Protocol"" (SCP). GENERAL SCP SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com. Secure Copy Protocol or SCP is a means of securely transferring computer files between a local and a remote host or between two remote hosts over an SSH protocol. This tag is NOT related to ""SAP Cloud Platform""!"
"sax","1752","SAX stands for Simple API for XML, and is an event-based way of reading XML data from a document."
"adodb","1752","ActiveX Data Objects, a Microsoft middleware for accessing data sources. Allows to access data from various languages without knowing how the database is implemented. Successor of RDO (Remote Data Objects) and DAO (Data Access Objects), first introduced in 1996."
"sticky","1752","In web pages, a sticky element is an element of the page that stays at a fixed position on the screen, making it always visible."
"itext7","1751","Library to create and manipulate PDF documents in Java and C#. Use this tag for code using iText version 7 and higher.  Use the ""itext5"" tag for older versions up to 5.5.x. Remember to also add a tag for the language you're using."
"host","1750","A general-purpose computer system interconnected to some communications network, or communications networks for the purpose of achieving resource sharing amongst the participating systems is called Host."
"init","1749","May refer to Linux init, an abbreviation of initialization - giving variables a ""starting"" value, or Python's __init__ class initiation method."
"selenium-grid","1749","Selenium-Grid allows you run your tests on different machines against different browsers in parallel. That is, running multiple tests at the same time against different machines running different browsers and operating systems. Essentially, Selenium-Grid support distributed test execution. It allows for running your tests in a *distributed test execution environment*."
"theory","1748","Programming-language-agnostic Questions that focus on the theoretical aspects rather than the actual implementations."
"kdb","1745","kdb+ is a proprietary high-performance database developed by Kx Systems."
"npgsql","1744","Npgsql is the .NET data provider for PostgreSQL. It allows any program developed for .NET framework to access a PostgreSQL database server. It is implemented in 100% C# code."
"floating-action-button","1744","Floating action buttons are a special case of promoted actions. They are distinguished by a circled icon floating above the UI and have special motion behaviors, related to morphing, launching, and its transferring anchor point."
"builder","1744","An object creation software design pattern, one of the Gang of Four's creational design patterns."
"cout","1743","std::cout is the global stream object provided by the C++ standard library for writing to the standard output stream."
"allocation","1741","Memory allocation is an operation of giving a program a block of memory."
"endpoint","1741","This is a general tag used for all kinds of logic that reside in some receiving or sending scenario."
"contact-form-7","1740","""Contact Form 7"" is a WordPress contact form plugin. It can manage multiple contact forms, is customizable, supports Ajax-powered submitting, CAPTCHA, Akismet spam filtering and more."
"diagram","1740","A diagram is a two-dimensional geometric symbolic representation of information according to some visualization technique."
"jit","1738","Just-In-Time compilation (JIT) is a technique used to improve the performance of interpreted code by translating it to machine code."
"google-translate","1738","Google Translate is a paid statistical machine translation service provided by Google Inc. to translate a section of text, document or webpage, into another language."
"yum","1737","yum is a software package manager that installs, updates, and removes packages on RPM-based systems. "
"exif","1737","Exchangeable image file format is a standard for storing metadata such as camera, lens, and geo information in JPEG and TIFF files"
"android-scrollview","1737","An Android widget that allows scrolling of its only child if it is too big for the screen's visible area."
"infragistics","1735","Infragistics is a company that specializes in User Interface (UI) controls and components for many different technologies and platforms like .NET, ASP.NET, Windows Forms, WPF, Silverlight, jQuery, Angular 2, iOS, Android, UWP, Xamarin, etc. When using this tag add also a tag that narrows your question to scope the question to the appropriate experts in the field. "
"collation","1734","Collation refers to a set of rules that determine how data is sorted and compared. Character data is sorted using rules that define the correct character sequence, with options for specifying case-sensitivity, accent marks, kana character types and character width."
"keylistener","1734","A KeyListener is an implementation of the Observer pattern which is created specifically for handling keyboard events."
"bukkit","1734","Bukkit is a free, open-source variant of the vanilla Minecraft server that allows programmers to extend it using plugins written in Java."
"flash-cs5","1734","Flash CS5 is part of Adobe's Creative Suite released on 30 April 2010. Its main features over its predecessors are the iPhone packager, new text engine (TLF), and code snippets."
"pojo","1733","POJO is an acronym for Plain Old Java Object. The name is used to emphasize that a given object is an ordinary Java Object, not a special object, and in particular not an Enterprise JavaBean."
"equation","1733","A statement that the values of two expressions are equal indicated by the sign = ."
"strapi","1733","Strapi is an open-source Node.js headless CMS built on top of Koa. It's frontend-agnostic and claims to not be an MVC framework. It auto-generate RESTful endpoints and has support for GraphQL and WebSockets. "
"azure-iot-hub","1733","Azure IoT Hub is a fully managed Microsoft service that enables reliable and secure bi-directional communications between millions of IoT devices and a solution backend."
"profile","1732","Profiles are part of .NET Framework. Profiles allows you simply manage your users."
"autoit","1731","AutoIt v3 is a freeware BASIC-like scripting language designed for automating the Windows GUI and general scripting."
"structuremap","1729","StructureMap is a Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control tool for .NET licensed under Apache 2."
"powerpivot","1729","An in-memory OLAP cube that can for instance be installed and used in Excel. It allows for fast analysis of huge datasets."
"lifetime","1729","A variable's life-time is the time during which the variable is bound to a specific memory location. The life time starts when the variable is allocated and ends when it is deallocated. "
"web3","1728","Web3 is the JavaScript framework for interacting with Ethereum blockchain. Use web3 for questions involving Ethereum Web3 framework."
"hana","1726","SAP HANA is SAP SE’s implementation of in-memory database technology. Not to be confused with similarly named products and technologies e.g. S/4 HANA, Boost.Hana, SAP HANA Vora, or SAP Cloud (SAPcp)"
"uibezierpath","1724","The UIBezierPath class lets you define a path consisting of straight and curved line segments and render that path in your custom views."
"excel-2013","1722","The Excel-2013 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2013 spreadsheet application from Microsoft. If your question is about VBA then also tag it VBA. If it is about an Excel formula then tag it Excel-Formula."
"sugarcrm","1722","Questions concerning customization and development within the customer relationship management software ""Sugar"" by SugarCRM Inc.  In order to receive more useful answers quicker, it's strongly recommended to specify the edition and version of the Sugar instance(s) in question, as there are significant differences between the different releases and derivatives."
"eof","1722","End of file (commonly abbreviated EOF) is a condition in a computer operating system where no more data can be read from a data source."
"uipopovercontroller","1722","The UIPopoverController class is used to manage the presentation of content in a popover. You use popovers to present information temporarily. The popover content is layered on top of your existing content and the background is dimmed automatically. The popover remains visible until the user taps outside of the popover window or you explicitly dismiss it. Popover controllers are for use exclusively on iPad devices."
"lex","1722","Lex is a computer program that generates lexical analyzers (""scanners"" or ""lexers""). Lex is commonly used with the yacc parser generator. For questions about Amazon Lex, use the tag amazon-lex instead."
"invoke","1722","Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle."
"esp32","1722","For issues relating to the ESP 32 Wi-Fi and Bluetooth combo chip of Espressif."
"similarity","1721","Similarity measures quantify how much alike objects (e.g. documents, feature vectors) are."
"django-authentication","1721","django-authentication refers to the built-in auth module for authentication & authorization that can be extended."
"vulkan","1720","Vulkan is a low-overhead, cross-platform graphics API from the Khronos Group."
"jacoco","1719","JaCoCo a coverage analysis tool. It runs as a JVM Agent and therefore does not require offline instrumentation. "
"heap","1719","A heap (data structure) is a tree that is ordered with respect to depth. When the question concerns process memory set aside for dynamic allocation, tag with heap-memory instead."
"rtf","1717","The Rich Text Format (often abbreviated RTF) is a proprietary document file format with published specification developed by Microsoft Corporation since 1987 for Microsoft products and for cross-platform document interchange."
"android-bitmap","1717","A Java Object from android.graphics.Bitmap that represents a Bitmap."
"shapefile","1716","The Esri shapefile or simply a shapefile is a popular geospatial vector data format for geographic information systems (GIS) software.   Questions about shapefiles are best asked on the GIS Stack Exchange. "
"entitymanager","1716","The EntityManager is the representation of a PersistenceContext, allowing a user to manipulate data pulled from a database."
"getline","1715","A C function that reads an entire line from a stream. It was originally a GNU extension that was standardized in POSIX.1-2008."
"production-environment","1714","A production environment is one in that is exposed to its intended audience in a real-world situation."
"substitution","1714","The action of replacing something with another thing."
"xsl-fo","1713","XSL-FO (XSL Formatting Objects) is a markup language for XML document formatting which is most often used to generate printed content."
"mozilla","1711","DO NOT USE THIS TAG, it is going to be removed.  The Mozilla Foundation is a non-profit organization that exists to support and provide leadership for the open source Mozilla project."
"xlsxwriter","1711","XlsxWriter is a python module for creating Excel XLSX files"
"kentico","1709","Kentico is a content management system (CMS) for building websites, online stores, intranets and Web 2.0 community sites. Kentico utilizes ASP.NET and Microsoft SQL Server.  Use this tag for asking questions related to development issues with Kentico CMS."
"gaussian","1709","For issues related to any of the uses of the Gaussian function. Don't forget to add additional tags to clarify the context."
"pywin32","1706","The PyWin32 package is a close wrapper around Microsoft Windows API. It was created and is still maintained by Mark Hammond."
"loader","1706","Loaders make it easy to asynchronously load data in an activity or fragment."
"alpha","1706","An alpha channel determines the transparency of an image or view.  Lower values are more transparent, and higher values are more opaque"
"spree","1706","Spree is a complete open source e-commerce solution for Ruby on Rails, freely available for commercial use under the terms of the New BSD License."
"mobx","1706","Functional reactive programming library in JavaScript."
"tfs-2015","1705","Use this tag for version specific questions about Team Foundation Server 2015. Also, always tag the question with the ""master"" tag [tfs] as well.  If this is not version-specific, use [tfs] for general questions and use [azure-devops] for Azure DevOps questions. "
"using","1704","""using"" is a keyword in some programming languages (C++, C#, VB.NET, Haxe)"
"pid","1703","In computing, the process identifier (normally referred to as the process ID or just PID) is a number used by most operating system kernels (such as that of UNIX, Mac OS X or Microsoft Windows) to (temporarily) uniquely identify a process. This number may be used as a parameter in various function calls allowing processes to be manipulated, such as adjusting the process's priority or killing it altogether."
"mysqldump","1703","A command-line interface for administrators or end users to export data from the server to files"
"jqplot","1703","jqPlot is a plotting and charting plugin built on top of jQuery. The grid, axes, shadows etc are all computed and rendered by plugins. It supports custom event handlers, creation of new plot types, adding canvases to the plot and many more features."
"ncurses","1702","The ncurses package is a subroutine library for terminal-independent screen-painting and input-event handling."
"reactive","1701","The reactive tag refers to a variable type and environment used inside Shiny applications based in the R programming language. Reactive elements are dynamic and changing over time usually due to user input to the Shiny application. This tag should be used with questions and errors regarding how to refresh, update, assign, and access user inputs into Shiny. The reactive tag is to be used in conjunction with the r and shiny tag."
"azure-pipelines-release-pipeline","1700","Visual Studio Team Services and Team Foundation Server Release Management."
"fwrite","1699","fwrite stands for file write. It is a function available with PHP, C, C++, etc. for writing the contents of string to the file stream pointed to by handle."
"cabal","1699","Cabal is a package distribution and build system for the Haskell programming language."
"src","1698","SRC is a common attribute in HTML used to identify the location of a resource which relates to an element."
"interactive","1697","Interactive software accepts and responds to input from humans, in contrast to noninteractive software, which operate without human contact."
"openldap","1696","OpenLDAP is an open source implementation of the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP)."
"operator-precedence","1696","Operator Precedence refers to the rules governing the order in which operators are evaluated within an expression or statement in a programming language. Distinct from [order-of-execution] which covers the sequencing of execution events in a software system."
"tmux","1695","tmux is a terminal multiplexer: it enables a number of terminals (or windows), each running a separate program, to be created, accessed, and controlled from a single screen. tmux may be detached from a screen and continue running in the background, then later reattached."
"java-io","1691","The java.io package provides blocking input and output through data streams, serialization, and the file system. "
"winjs","1691","The Windows Library for JavaScript (WinJS) is a JavaScript library that can be used with any HTML, CSS, and JavaScript project on any platform including web sites, native apps, and hybrid apps. WinJS was first created for Windows 8 to enable first class, native-quality experiences in Windows Runtime apps."
"android-architecture-components","1691","A new collection of libraries that help you design robust, testable, and maintainable Android apps. Start with classes for managing your UI component lifecycle and handling data persistence."
"azure-ad-graph-api","1691","Use this tag for Azure AD Graph API (see link [1] in details below) related questions (not Microsoft Graph). The Azure Active Directory Graph API provides programmatic access to Azure AD through REST API endpoints. Applications can use the Graph API to perform create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) operations on directory data and objects"
"mule-studio","1690","Mule Studio is a tag that's used to refer to the former MuleSoft's IDE product previous to the release of MuleSoft Anypoint Studio. This tag should be not be used for Anypoint Studio since its release 3.5.0 (May 20, 2014)."
"database-replication","1690","Database replication is used to ensure consistency between redundant databases and to improve reliability and increase fault-tolerance.  The replication process commonly involves continuously duplicating a ""master"" database to one or more additional ""slave"" databases."
"xml-rpc","1690","XML-RPC is a remote procedure call (RPC) protocol which uses XML to encode its calls and HTTP as a transport mechanism."
"gettext","1688","Gettext is an internationalization and localization (i18n) library which is commonly used for writing multilingual programs. Its most popular implementation is that of the GNU project."
"cx-freeze","1687","cx_Freeze is a set of scripts and modules for freezing Python scripts (.py) into executable files  for Windows (.exe), Mac OS (.app), or Linux."
"torch","1687","Torch is a scientific computing framework for LuaJIT. It is widely used by machine learning researchers around the world."
"member","1686","A member is an element of an object in the object-oriented programming paradigm."
"sql-server-express","1682","Microsoft SQL Server Express is a freely downloadable and distributable version of Microsoft's SQL Server relational database management system. It is targeted for embedded and smaller-scale applications, having a number of technical restrictions."
"custom-wordpress-pages","1681","This tag is for questions relating to how to create and/or modify custom page templates in WordPress. "
"ansible-playbook","1681","Playbooks are Ansible’s configuration, deployment, and orchestration language. They can describe a policy you want your remote systems to enforce, or a set of steps in a general IT process."
"wikipedia","1681","Consider the tags wikipedia-api (or the more general mediawiki-api) and mediawiki. Questions should be related to programming."
"schedule","1681","A schedule is the arrangement of events in time."
"favicon","1680","An icon associated with particular website. It is often displayed in a web browser in address field (usually left to the URL), on tab bar, or in bookmarks."
"lm","1680","The lm function is used to fit linear models in R. It can be used to carry out regression, single stratum analysis of variance and analysis of covariance. "
"protobuf-net","1680","An independent implementation of Google's protobuf binary serialization format, protobuf-net approaches the problem-space with common .NET coding styles, but retaining the high performance, dense output and cross-platform interoperability."
"jface","1679","Use this tag for questions about JFace which is a Java application framework based on SWT. The goal of JFace is to provide a set of reusable components that make it easier to write a Java-based GUI application."
"marker","1678","Google Map Marker (using in making Google Maps)"
"exoplayer","1678","An application level media player for Android that supports features not currently provided by MediaPlayer including Dynamic adaptive streaming over HTTP (DASH), SmoothStreaming, and persistent caching."
"akka-stream","1677","Akka implementation for handling streaming data on the JVM"
"bitcoin","1676","GENERAL BITCOIN QUESTIONS CAN BE ASKED ON https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com Bitcoin is a peer-to-peer digital currency with no central authority. Transactions are managed entirely by the network. Please ask only programming questions about Bitcoin. "
"setter","1675","Setter is public mutator method, used in object-oriented programming, which gives new value to a private member of a class."
"implicit","1675","An implicit in Scala is a function applied or a parameter provided without explicitly appearing in the source code."
"snapshot","1674","A snapshot is the state of something (e.g. a folder) at a specific point in time. In this case, snapshot means the current content of the test branch, this doesn't have to be the head revision"
"ssh-keys","1674","SSH Keys are pairs of sequences of randomly generated bytes that provide the basis of SSH public key cryptography and challenge-response authentication. The sequences are typically stored in files and one of them is referred to as the Public key while the other is the Private key."
"password-protection","1674","Password protection is used to ensure only authorized users (i.e. those who know the password) can access or modify certain information."
"execution","1673","Refers to the act of running a process.  "
"popupwindow","1672","A window that appears ('pops up', hence the name) when you select an option with a mouse or press a designated function key. Usually, the pop-up window contains a menu of commands and stays on the screen only until you select one of the commands. It then disappears."
"semantics","1671","The study of meaning as it applies to programming languages"
"scikit-image","1671","scikit-image is a Python image processing toolbox for SciPy. "
"pear","1671","PEAR is a repository of PHP software code, designed to offer some functionality not built into PHP core"
"ecto","1670","Ecto is a domain specific language for writing queries and interacting with databases in Elixir."
"http2","1670","HTTP2 (or HTTP v2.0) is an alternative to, but does not obsolete, HTTP1.1."
"bubble-sort","1670","Bubble sort is a simple sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly stepping through the list to be sorted, comparing each pair of adjacent items and swapping them if they are in the wrong order. The pass through the list is repeated until no swaps are needed, which indicates that the list is sorted. The algorithm gets its name from the way smaller elements ""bubble"" to the top of the list. It is little used in industry but useful in teaching.  "
"asp.net-core-2.1","1670","Use this tag for questions specifically related to ASP.NET Core 2.1, in addition to using the 'ASP.NET Core' tag."
"sfinae","1669","Substitution failure is not an error. This is a C++ programming technique that allows templates to verify properties about their template parameters, thus allowing different specializations to be used if certain kinds of objects are available."
"web-parts","1669",""
"rcp","1668","RCP stands for Rich Client Platform, and is software that provides a platform for application developers to build on.  It may also refer to the ""remote copy"" command in Unix. Use the eclipse-rcp tag for questions about Eclipse RCP."
"jsfiddle","1668","For questions about using jsFiddle, a web application allowing users to create and execute code written in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. DO NOT use this tag to indicate that your question contains a jsFiddle example."
"netlify","1668","Ask questions about the Netlify setup, config or just in general using the netlify-cli or online at app.netlify.com"
"azure-data-lake","1668","Azure Data Lake Analytics is a suite of three big data services in Microsoft Azure: HDInsight, Data Lake Store, and Data Lake Analytics.  These fully managed services make it easy to get started and easy to scale big data jobs written in Hive, Pig, Spark, Storm, and U-SQL."
"spring-data-neo4j","1667","Spring Data Neo4j enables POJO based development for the Graph Database Neo4j. "
"jquery-isotope","1666","Isotope is a client-side jQuery plugin that allows masonry-style grid and table layouts, along with data sorting and filtering, to enable dynamic relayout of elements on a page."
"database-trigger","1664","A database trigger is procedural code written in the current database DML, that is automatically executed in response to certain events on a particular table or view in a database. The trigger is mostly used for maintaining the integrity of the information on the database."
"collapse","1664","This tag is deprecated and should not be used, because it lacks discriminating power.   Use a tag related to the library that the collapse function belongs to instead."
"swiftmailer","1662","Swift Mailer is a library that integrates into any web app written in PHP, offering a flexible and elegant object-oriented approach to sending emails with a multitude of features."
"react-jsx","1662","JSX is a JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React."
"exists","1662","Exists is a keyword or function in many languages, especially in SQL. "
"iron-router","1661","A Meteor smart package for client and server side routing in Meteor."
"autoscaling","1661","Auto scaling is a feature of cloud computing services which allows adding more computational resources automatically if load increases or based on triggers/custom metrics."
"xcode4.5","1660","Xcode 4.5 is the Sep. 19, 2012 release of Apple's integrated development environment (IDE) for Mac OS X and iOS. This tag should only be used for questions about this specific version of Xcode, and not for general Mac or iOS programming topics. Use [cocoa] for Mac programming questions, or [cocoa-touch] for iOS (formerly iPhone OS) programming questions."
"arcore","1659","Google ARCore is a framework for building Augmented Reality apps for Android and iOS, designed to work on a wide variety of qualified phones. Its main features are Depth API  (supporting ToF sensor), Lighting Estimation, Instant Placement, Cloud Anchors, Augmented Images, and Augmented Faces."
"static-linking","1658","A static library or statically-linked library is a set of routines, external functions and variables which are resolved in a caller at compile-time and copied into a target application by a compiler, linker, or binder, producing an object file and a stand-alone executable. This executable and the process of compiling it are both known as a static build of the program."
"cas","1658","Central Authentication Service, a trusted system to authenticate a user.  For Code Access Security (Microsoft .NET) use the [code-access-security] tag"
"baseadapter","1657","BaseAdapter is an abstract Android adapter class which is used to implement specialized adapters."
"websphere-liberty","1656","IBM WebSphere Liberty is a highly composable, fast to start, dynamic application server runtime environment."
"fill","1656","fill refers to the process of assigning and rendering a color or pattern to the set of coordinates within the outline of a shape."
"smalltalk","1656","Smalltalk is one of the oldest object-oriented programming languages. It pioneered many aspects modern developers take for granted:   Virtual Machines (Smalltalk is an interpreted language) IDEs Pure object approach (no primitives or keywords at all) Closures (called Blocks) An image (i.e. non-file-based language) Advanced debugging techniques (halting programs on-the-fly, inspection, writing or modifying code on-the-fly)"
"ribbon","1655","A ribbon is an interface wherein a set of toolbars are organized using tabs. Don't use this tag for questions related to the Netflix Ribbon component, use [netflix-ribbon] instead."
"saxon","1655","Saxon is an implementation of XSLT, XQuery, XPath, and XSD. In supports the latest W3C standards including XSLT 3.0, XQuery 3.1, XPath 3.1, and XSD 1.1. There are versions for Java, .NET, and C, in both open source and commercial editions. The latest addition to the product set is Saxon-JS, an XSLT runtime which will run in most browsers."
"simple-html-dom","1655","Simple HTML DOM is an open source HTML DOM parser written for PHP5+ which lets users easily manipulate HTML."
"postgresql-9.3","1655","for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.3."
"uialertcontroller","1655","An iOS class, for displaying alerts and popup style selectors.  Note that the legacy `UIActionSheet` and `UIAlertView` tags would not generally be used now."
"doubly-linked-list","1654","A doubly-linked-list is a computer science data structure consisting of nodes. Each node has 2 links, one to the node before, and one to the node after. By following these links, the data structure can be traversed both forwards and backwards, but not in a random fashion. These links also make it easy to add nodes to any arbitrary point of the structure."
"preprocessor","1654","A program that processes input data to produce output that is used as input to another program. Use this tag for questions about an unspecified pre-processor. If there is a specific tag for the pre-processor you should use that. Consider using [tag:c-preprocessor], [tag:boost-preprocessor], [tag:oracle-pro-c], [tag:css-preprocessor], [tag:karma-babel-preprocessor], [tag:m4]"
"key-bindings","1651","Anything related to key-bindings (a.k.a. ""keyboard shortcuts"", ""hotkeys"", etc.), i.e. the associations between key combinations and the corresponding actions triggered when the user presses such combinations."
"gsap","1650","GSAP (GreenSock Animation Platform) is a suite of tools for scripted, high-performance HTML5 animations that work in all major browsers."
"google-play-games","1650","The Google Play Games services SDK provides cross-platform game services that lets you easily integrate popular gaming features such as achievements, leaderboards, and Cloud Save in your web-based games. "
"dynamic-arrays","1650","Anything related to dynamic arrays, i.e. array-like data structures where the length of the array (the number of its elements) can be changed at runtime, thus allowing adding or removing elements without explicit memory allocation and management."
"google-search","1649","SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION(SEO) IS OFF-TOPIC. This tag is only for programming questions about the Google search engine."
"unityscript","1649","DO NOT use this tag to describe Unity scripts which are written in C#! UnityScript is a separate language and should be used only on questions explicitly using that language.  Unityscript is a DEPRECATED scripting language used by the Unity game engine in versions prior to 2018.2.   It is often mistakenly referred to as Javascript, but does not follow the ecmascript standards.   "
"counting","1649","Counting is the action of finding the number of elements of a finite set of objects. "
"fade","1649","Fade refers to the UI technique of having page elements gradually gain or lose visibility, usually in response to a user action."
"naming","1648","A general purpose tag to cover anything concerning naming, be it files, programming constructs, data etc."
"memory-address","1648","A number used to indicate a particular location in computer's memory. May also refer to how to access these addresses in memory."
"bayesian","1646","Bayesian (after Thomas Bayes) refers to methods in probability and statistics that involve quantifying uncertainty about parameter or latent variable estimates by incorporating both prior and observed information. Bayesian modeling, inference, optimization, and model comparison techniques are on topic. A programming element is expected; theoretical/methodological questions should go to https://stats.stackexchange.com."
"robolectric","1646","Robolectric is a unit testing framework that allows Android applications to be tested on the JVM in seconds without using an emulator or device."
"html2canvas","1644","html2canvas is a JavaScript HTML-rendering library that lets you take ""screenshots"" of webpages based on the DOM."
"classcastexception","1644","The Java exception thrown to indicate that the code has attempted to cast an object to a subclass of which it is not an instance."
"workflow-foundation-4","1643","Windows Workflow 4 is Microsoft's framework for declarative composable business logic for .NET."
"boolean-logic","1642","An algebraic system developed by George Boole. Uses operations such as ""And"", ""Or"" and ""Not"" on Binary True/False values. It may be used to accomplish complex tasks."
"react-select","1642","A Select control built with and for React JS"
"simulator","1641","A simulator is an automated model that captures the essential logic and behaviour of a particular object.  A good simulator allows investigating the properties of the object, exploring ""what-if"" scenarios, or incorporating the object into a landscape interacting objects.  Simulator design often involves running probability engines over know or estimated distributions, time slicing, and state machines.  Implementations are frequently object oriented."
"olap","1641","Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) is a category of software tools that provides analysis of data stored in a database, optimized for querying and reporting. OLAP tools enable users to analyze different dimensions of multidimensional data stored for rapid access. For example, it provides time series and trend analysis views."
"filenotfoundexception","1641","A Java or Android exception that indicates that the file denoted by a specified pathname could not be opened."
"ode","1640","An ODE (ordinary differential equation, in contrast to partial differential equation) is a differential equation containing a function or functions of exactly one independent variable."
"tastypie","1640","Tastypie is a reusable Django App and is suitable for providing an API to any application without having to modify the sources of that app. "
"uidatepicker","1639","The UIDatePicker is a class in the UIKit framework of iOS which represents an graphical object that uses multiple rotating wheels to allow users to select dates and times."
"py2exe","1638","Py2exe is a python extension that converts Python Scripts to Windows Executables."
"scala-collections","1638","Collection library for Scala Programming Language"
"tablet","1636","This refers to tablet personal computers. These are mobile computing devices characterised by touchscreen interfaces. "
"yield","1636","yield is (1) a keyword that facilitates creation of generator functions, (2) a Ruby statement to transfer control from one coroutine to another, (3) a Java statement used to yield a value from a switch expression."
"mysql-error-1064","1635","1064 means ""syntax error"" in MySQL. It shows part of the failing query to help you troubleshoot."
"tkinter-canvas","1635","The Canvas widget provides structured graphics facilities for Tkinter. This is a highly versatile widget which can be used to draw graphs and plots, create graphics editors, and implement various kinds of custom widgets."
"watir-webdriver","1634","Watir  (Web Application Testing in Ruby) implementation built on WebDriver's Ruby bindings.  Used for web browser automation, this tool allows you to code in Ruby using the friendly Watir API but get the cross browser support of Webdriver to automate Chrome, Firefox, IE, Opera or a 'headless' browser.  Distributed as a Ruby gem named 'watir-webdriver'"
"specifications","1634","A specification (also commonly referred to as ""spec"") is a description of a defined technology and the resources it offers."
"composition","1633","Composition is the process of combining, or composing, parts of a program into a larger program. "
"nsurl","1633","NSURL is a class from Foundation.framework in Apple MacOS and iOS. The NSURL class provides the ability to manipulate URLs and the resources they refer to. An NSURL object represents a URL that can potentially contain the location of a resource on a remote server, the path of a local file on disk, or even an arbitrary piece of encoded data. It is available in iOS 2.0 and later "
"githooks","1633","Git hooks are scripts that are executed upon certain Git events. Events include, but are not limited to, pre- and post-commit and pre- and post-rebase on the client-side, and post-receive-commit on the server-side. No need to use the tag Hooks when using the tag Githooks.  Maybe used in combination with tag Webhooks"
"owl-carousel","1629","Owl Carousel is a touch-enabled jQuery plugin that lets you create a beautiful responsive carousel slider."
"rtmp","1629","The Real-Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP) is used for streaming multimedia content across a TCP/IP network."
"super","1629","super is a keyword or function used to access/invoke members and constructors of a superclass. Since different languages have such a feature, please use in combination with a language tag."
"c#-2.0","1628","For issues unique to development in C#, version 2.0"
"android-gridview","1626","GridView is a subclass of AdapterView that displays items in a two-dimensional, scrollable grid. "
"glassfish-3","1626","GlassFish is an open source, production-ready, Java EE-compatible application server."
"python-xarray","1626","xarray (formerly xray) is an open source library that provides a range of N-dimensional data structures."
"graphics2d","1625","Graphics2D is the part of the Java 2D API related to two-dimensional graphics, text, and imaging capabilities. Unlike the older Graphics class, Graphics2D supports coordinate transforms. It also gives better control over geometry, colors and text layout."
"nested-attributes","1625","RubyOnRails allows you to access attributes of objects associated with the main model, using one, deep hash. Use this tag if you have problem with a model in which you defined `accepts_nested_attributes_for` or if you use nested calls of `fields_for` in a view."
"wcf-binding","1625","The configuration of encoding, protocol and transport detailing how WCF services and clients communicate with each other. This tag is for both the default system-provided bindings, and custom bindings."
"gnupg","1625","GNU Privacy Guard (GnuPG / GPG) is a cryptography suite implementing secret-key cryptography and public-key cryptography. GnuPG is the GNU project's complete and free implementation of the OpenPGP standard as defined by RFC4880. Use this tag for programmatic use of the GPG tool or its library. Questions about direct usage of the GPG tool or its graphical pendents belong on Super User."
"face-recognition","1624","Face recognition is the process of matching faces to determine if the person shown in one image is the same as the person shown in another image. This is distinct from face detection which only determines where an image exists a face. Face recognition has broad use in security technology, social networking, cameras, etc."
"parcelable","1623","parcelable refers to the capability of an object to be converted to a parcel, a container for reading and writing data of various type, using type specific rather than generic serialization"
"angular-router","1623","For the Angular Router service (@angular/router)"
"paintcomponent","1622","paintComponent (JComponent.paintComponent(Graphics g)) is a method that Java Swing engine calls on JComponent, in order to draw it using the passed Graphics."
"countdowntimer","1622","The Android `CountDownTimer` class. Do not use this tag for any countdown timer-related question that is not related to the Android class"
"circleci","1621","CircleCI is a hosted continuous integration testing tool integrated with popular code management services such as GitHub. It is commercial but free to open source projects."
"blocking","1621","Blocking mode I/O blocks the issuing thread until the operation transfers at least one byte or an error or end of stream occurs. Blocking algorithms refer to an operation in multithreaded environment which temporarily restricts access to some resources to a single thread, thus blocking all other ones. It isn't clear which this tag is intended for."
"form-data","1621","FormData is a JavaScript object interface intended to build multipart/form-data in Ajax more easily."
"mount","1621","mount is a command used to attach the file data structure of a device as a branch of the root tree. "
"uart","1620","A Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter (UART) is used for serial (where each bit of data is transmitted along the same connection) communications over a computer or peripheral device serial port."
"subplot","1618","subplot is a Matlab / Matplotlib function which divides the current figure into a grid. Each block in the grid can contain an axes object which can be manipulated and used for plotting."
"profiler","1618","A profiler is a programming tool used to track and analyse the performance of a software program."
"ng-bootstrap","1618","A set of Angular 2+ directives based on version 4+ of Twitter Bootstrap's markup and CSS."
"android-progressbar","1617","Android's ProgressBar widget displays visual work-in-progress indication to the user. A determinate progress bar displays how far the operation has progressed. An indeterminate progress bar just displays that work is being done."
"windows-server-2012","1616","Windows Server 2012 is the server version of Windows 8 and the successor to Windows Server 2008 R2."
"telerik-grid","1616","telerik-grid refers to the issues in grid control available in various Telerik products. Telerik is a vendor of development, team productivity, and automated testing tools, as well as UI components and content management solutions for Microsoft .NET."
"history","1616","DO NOT USE THIS TAG. Questions about the history of programming are off-topic. For questions about browser history, use [browser-history] instead. For questions about the JavaScript library, use [history.js]. For questions about the HTML5 API, use [html5-history]. For questions about version control, use [revision-history]. For questions about recalling inputs in an entry box, use [input-history]."
"extends","1616","extends is a keyword in several programming languages used to denote implementation inheritance"
"google-api-client","1614","The GoogleApiClient The main entry point for Google Play services integration"
"django-celery","1614","Django-celery provides Celery integration for Django.  "
"react-native-navigation","1614","Use this tag for questions related to the React Native Navigation library that provides a complete native navigation solution for React Native apps."
"conditional-operator","1612","The conditional operator is a ternary operator that is part of the syntax for a basic conditional expression  in several programming languages. It is also commonly referred to as the ternary operator or inline if. Different languages have different syntax for the same construct, but all select between one of two options based on a condition. "
"nsview","1611","NSView Implements basic drawing, event handling and printing behaviors for applications. Usually application code define subclasses of NSView to provide richer implementations. Belongs to the Foundation framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch."
"palindrome","1611","A word, phrase, number, or other sequence of units that may be read the same way in either direction, forward or backward."
"delphi-2010","1610","Delphi 2010 is a specific version of Delphi. Delphi 2010 was released in August 2009, and is available as a standalone product or as part of RAD Studio 2010."
"bigdecimal","1609","BigDecimal is a numeric object type in Java that represents decimal numbers with arbitrary precision."
"contact-form","1608","Typically used to describe a web form that collects personal information from a user."
"visual-studio-extensions","1608","Products and Extensions for Visual Studio which help you get the most out of Visual Studio."
"rhel","1607","Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) is a distribution of the Linux operating system targeted at enterprise customers with emphasis on long-term stability and support."
"conflict","1607","DO NOT USE THIS TAG. Instead try to use something more specific like name-collision, failed-installation, merge-conflict-resolution, conflicting-libraries etc (see also the meta discussion: https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/284369/end-the-conflict)"
"frame-rate","1606","Frame rate (also known as frame frequency) is the frequency (rate) at which an imaging device produces unique consecutive images called frames. The term applies equally well to computer graphics, video cameras, film cameras, and motion capture systems. Frame rate is most often expressed in frames per second (FPS)"
"delayed-job","1606","A Ruby library to queue and defer processing of slow methods like sending email and image resizing."
"mathjax","1605","MathJax is an open-source JavaScript engine that makes it easy to embed mathematical equations, symbols, and formulae on a web page.  There is also a server-side version that provides command-line and nodejs interfaces to MathJax."
"template-engine","1605","A template engine is software that is designed to process templates and content information to produce output documents. "
"datastax-enterprise","1604","DataStax Enterprise is big data platform consisting of open source tools such as Apache Cassandra, Solr and Hadoop (and several others)."
"android-studio-3.0","1604","Use for questions about using Android Studio, an official IDE targeted at Android development. Do NOT use for questions about programming for Android in general; instead use [android]."
"docker-machine","1604","docker-machine creates Docker Engines on your computer, on cloud providers, and/or in your data center, and then configures the Docker client to securely talk to them."
"final","1602","final is a common keyword specifying that the reference declared as final cannot be modified once it is initialized.  In Java the keyword final is roughly equivalent to const in C++.  In C++ the final keyword allows you to declare a virtual method, override it N times and then mandate that 'this can no longer be overridden'."
"lint","1601","Please tag questions about static analysis tools ""static-analysis"" unless they're actually about the Lint utility. One of the first static analyzers was the Lint utility which appeared in 1979 as part of the Unix 7 distribution kit.  Lint was originally used to analyze C source code.  This command was so popular that the word ""lint"" has become the generic term for static analysis tools. "
"pgadmin","1600","pgAdmin is an Open Source administration and development GUI for PostgreSQL."
"meta","1599","Meta elements are the HTML or XHTML <meta … > element used to provide structured metadata about a Web page. DO NOT USE this tag for questions about Stack Overflow; post these on meta.stackoverflow.com instead."
"rack","1598","Rack provides a minimal interface between webservers supporting Ruby and Ruby frameworks."
"ansible-2.x","1598","Ansible is a radically simple IT automation platform that makes your applications and systems easier to deploy. Avoid writing scripts or custom code to deploy and update your applications— automate in a language that approaches plain English, using SSH, with no agents to install on remote systems"
"setup-project","1595","Programs used to create installers are generically called setup projects. In most cases you are probably using a tool (on Windows examples are Visual Studio, InnoSetup, WiX, Advanced Installer, Wise, InstallShield) to create the setup, so a more accurate and useful tag would be one for that specific tool. "
"uislider","1595","A UISlider object is a visual control used to select a single value from a continuous range of values. Sliders are always displayed as horizontal bars. An indicator, or thumb, notes the current value of the slider and can be moved by the user to change the setting. Available in iOS 2.0 and later in UIKit. "
"win32com","1593","win32com is a Python module to interact with Windows COM components. It is part of the Python for Win32 (pywin32) project by mhammond."
"http-status-codes","1593","HTTP status codes are a set of standardized codes returned in an HTTP web response. Questions about why a service is (unexpectedly) returning a status code should not use this tag."
"jsch","1593","JSch is a pure Java implementation of SSH2. JSch allows you to connect to an SSH server and use port forwarding, X11 forwarding, file transfer, etc., and you can integrate its functionality into your own Java programs. "
"back-button","1593","A button that will take the user back to the previous state that they were on."
"qtp","1592","QuickTest Professional (QTP) is a functional and regression test automation tool for software applications and environments."
"ini","1592","The INI file format includes text-based initialization information for programs. Its structure is composed of ""sections"" and ""properties""."
"azure-eventhub","1592","Microsoft Azure EventHubs is a highly-scalable high-throughput low-latency durable event ingestion system in Azure cloud. EventHubs serves as an event buffer for applications to process events with variable load profiles.   Microsoft Azure Event Hubs is comparable to Apache Kafka or AWS Kinesis. This is a fully-managed service-offering built & run by the teams at Microsoft."
"android-sensors","1588","Android-sensors tag unites questions that are connected with different hardware sensors that are embedded into Android devices (barometer, accelerometer, magnetometer, microphone, camera and so on) "
"nsmanagedobject","1588","NSManagedObject is a generic class that implements all the basic behavior required of a Core Data model object. NSManagedObject is available in OS X v10.4 and later and available in iOS 3.0 and later."
"cpu-registers","1587","CPU registers are small, fast memory storage used by processors to hold data that is being immediately worked with."
"outer-join","1587","An outer join defines a relationship between two tables where all records from one or both tables are returned regardless of the existence of a matching key-field in the other table. A full outer join combines the results of both tables. A left or right join returns all the records from the first or second specified table, respectively. NULLS are filled in for matches on either side. A self-join compares a table to a copy of itself."
"viewstate","1587","ViewState is the mechanism that allows form field values to be preserved across page postbacks."
"user-experience","1587","The user experience (UX) is the experiential, affective, meaningful and valuable aspects of human-computer interaction and product ownership, but also a person’s perceptions of the practical aspects such as utility, ease of use and efficiency of the system. Essentially, it's about how a person feels about using a product."
"t4","1586","T4 stands for Text Template Transformation Toolkit and is Microsoft's free and open-source template-based text generation framework included with Visual Studio."
"enterprise-library","1586","Microsoft Enterprise Library is a collection of application blocks and core infrastructure designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges such as logging, validation, data access, etc."
"windows-vista","1586","Windows Vista is an operating system that was the successor of Windows XP and the predecessor of Windows 7.  It is not maintained nor supported anymore. "
"preview","1583","User Interface action to display a preliminary or scaled down version of the actual item."
"face-detection","1582","Face detection is a computer technology that determines the locations and sizes of human faces in arbitrary (digital) images. It detects facial features and ignores anything else, such as buildings, trees and bodies."
"java-9","1582","Use this tag for questions specific to Java 9, which is version 9 of the Java platform, released on the 21st of September 2017. In most cases you should also specify the java tag."
"google-cloud-run","1582","Cloud Run is a managed compute platform that enables you to run stateless containers that are invocable via HTTP requests, providing comprehensive servicefull systems where responsibilities can be outsourced to a specialist service provider."
"laravel-artisan","1582","For programming questions about the Artisan Console, the command-line interface included with the Laravel PHP framework"
"bootloader","1579","Bootloader is a program that loads the operating system into the computer's memory and set it into execution. When a computer is powered-up or restarted, the basic input/output system (BIOS) performs some initial tests, and then transfers control to the Bootloader."
"centos6","1579","GENERAL SUPPORT QUESTIONS MAY BE ASKED ON SERVER FAULT https://serverfault.com CentOS is a Linux distribution aiming for 100% binary compatibility with RHEL."
"cefsharp","1579",".NET (WPF and Windows Forms) bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework"
"netbeans-7","1578","NetBeans is a platform development framework and an open-source IDE (Integrated Development Environment) for Java, JavaScript, PHP, etc. NetBeans is developed by Oracle Corporation."
"iad","1578","iAd is a mobile advertising platform developed by Apple Inc. for its iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad line of mobile devices allowing third-party developers to directly embed advertisements into their applications."
"bigcommerce","1577","BigCommerce is an eCommerce platform. They provide a simple and extensible REST API and a storefront framework built on Node.js using Handlebars.js for templating. Use this tag to ask any BigCommerce API or theme development related questions irrespective of the language/technology you are working with."
"right-to-left","1576","Right to Left (RTL) refers to the scripts of natural languages that are written and read from the right to the left instead from the left to the right, such as Hebrew, Arabic and Persian. For problems with interaction of right-to-left and left-to-right text, prefer the ""bidi"" tag."
"large-files","1575","Large files, whether binary or text, can sometimes be problematic even for an experienced programmer. This tag should be used if issues arise relating to opening and/or writing large files in a text editor, managing resources that run to gigabytes, or strategic decisions for large amounts of data."
"qt-designer","1574","Qt Designer is Qt's tool for designing and building graphical user interfaces (GUIs) from Qt components."
"meteor-blaze","1574","Blaze is the render system for Meteor"
"octobercms","1573","October is a free, open-source, self-hosted CMS platform based on the Laravel PHP Framework. It allows developers to have full self-expression and the freedom to build web applications however they want. It is a productivity tool for building modern websites based on flexible patterns and principles rooted in simplicity."
"gpio","1573","General Purpose Input/Output (GPIO) is a generic pin on a chip whose behavior (including whether it is an input or output pin) can be controlled (programmed) by the user at run time."
"knn","1573","In pattern recognition, k-nearest neighbors (k-NN) is a classification algorithm used to classify example based on a set of already classified examples. Algorithm:  A case is classified by a majority vote of its neighbors, with the case being assigned to the class most common amongst its K nearest neighbors measured by a distance function. If K = 1, then the case is simply assigned to the class of its nearest neighbor. "
"google-glass","1572","Google Glass is a project to create a commercially-viable, next-generation wearable smart device in the form of a pair of glasses featuring a head-mounted display. The product allows users to interact with the device via voice and allows other smartphone-like functionality. Google Glass runs on Android with additional APIs for developers."
"nsnotificationcenter","1571","NSNotificationCenter allows to send and register for notifications in the Foundation framework, which is provided by Apple."
"hibernate-criteria","1570","The Criteria interface of Hibernate ORM ,  represents a query against a particular persistent class. The interface provides access to the powerful mechanism of hibernate criteria API, that allows the programmatic creation of queries against the DB."
"adal","1570","The Azure Active Directory Authentication Libraries (ADAL) gives you the ability to add support for Microsoft's cloud identity APIs to your application, including support for Office365 and Work Accounts. Supports native clients such as Windows, Windows Phone, iOS, OSX, Android, and Linux and server clients such as Windows Server, Node.js and Java."
"cut","1570","A Unix shell command that breaks input into fields, which can be selected for output, based on a delimiter."
"haxe","1569","Haxe can build cross-platform applications targeting JavaScript, C++, C#, Java, JVM, Python, Lua, PHP, Flash, and allows access to each platform's native capabilities. Haxe has its own VMs (HashLink and NekoVM) but can also run in interpreted mode. Code written in Haxe can be compiled to any target Haxe supports."
"webrequest","1569","WebRequest is an abstract class in .NET Framework for making requests to URIs (including HTTP, HTTPS, FTP and FILE protocols). Related tags: [httpwebrequest], [ftpwebrequest]."
"state-machine","1569","A State Machine is a computation model used to design both computer programs and sequential logic circuits. It determines that an entity in a program can be in one of a finite number of states. The state it is in at any given time is called the current state. It can change from one state to another when initiated by a triggering event or condition; this is called a transition."
"ivy","1569","Apache Ivy is a subproject of Ant to simplify dependency management.  Its primary use is to retrieve prerequisite JAR files from repositories and to publish new JAR files.  A major feature of Ivy is that it integrates with normal Ant projects instead of requiring a new paradigm. (Note: This tag should not be used for questions regarding Angular's Ivy compiler - instead, use the angular-ivy tag.)"
"decoding","1567","Decoding is the reverse of encoding."
"cobol","1566","COBOL (COmmon Business Oriented Language) was the product of a US Department of Defense initiative to develop a standard and portable programming language for business applications. COBOL celebrated its 50th birthday in 2009. It is generally believed that new COBOL development is in decline but a commercial commitment remains to keep the language relevant in today’s computing landscape."
"fortran90","1566","USE TOGETHER WITH THE fortran TAG. Fortran 90, the standardized successor to FORTRAN 77, released as an ISO standard in 1991 and an ANSI Standard in 1992.  Questions using this tag should be specific to the language defined as Fortran 90 rather than being general Fortran questions. "
"informatica","1566","Informatica is a software development company which provides multiple UI based tools for Data Integration, ensuring Data Quality and Master Data Management. Informatica PowerCenter, Informatica PowerExchange, Informatica MDM, B2B Data Exchange are few of them. "
"genymotion","1566","Genymotion is a relatively fast Android emulator which comes with pre-configured Android (x86 with OpenGL hardware acceleration) images, suitable for application testing. The project has evolved from the old BuildDroid project, then AndroVM, and comes with a new player design, installer and more."
"python-datetime","1566","Python's built-in datetime module provides classes for manipulating dates and times in both simple and complex ways."
"testcafe","1566","TestCafé is a Node.js tool to automate end-to-end testing."
"realloc","1565","C library function for reallocating a dynamically allocated memory region."
"live","1565",".live() function in jQuery attaches an event handler for all elements which match the current selector, now and in the future. It was deprecated in jQuery 1.7 and removed in jQuery 1.9."
"solrj","1564","Solrj is a java client to access solr. It offers a java interface to add, update, and query the solr index. SolrJ hides a lot of the details of connecting to Solr and allows your application to interact with Solr with simple high-level methods."
"twitter4j","1564","Twitter4J is a library enabling calls to the Twitter API from Java. With Twitter4J, you can easily integrate your Java application with the Twitter service. Twitter4J is an unofficial library."
"samsung-mobile","1564","This tag is for questions related to application development issues affecting just Samsung Mobile devices."
"quickblox","1561","QuickBlox is a proprietary set of client-server solutions that allows you to build more powerful, engaging and secure mobile apps.  QuickBlox runs from your own Amazon instances. You own the servers and can access the source codes of the running system. "
"linkedin-api","1561","Open web-services and APIs provided by LinkedIn"
"categorical-data","1560","Statistical data type whose value is one of a fixed number of nominal categories."
"django-allauth","1560","django-allauth is a set of pluggable django apps for authentication, registration, account management as well as 3rd party (social) account authentication"
"nutch","1560","Nutch is a well matured, production ready Web crawler. Nutch enables fine grained configuration, relying on Apache Hadoop™ data structures, which are great for batch processing."
"angular-ngmodel","1559","Used in Angular.js - The ngModel directive binds an input, select, textarea (or custom form control) to a property on the scope using NgModelController, which is created and exposed by this directive."
"django-class-based-views","1559","Django Class-based Views are Django views that are represented as classes. These allow you to structure your views and reuse code by harnessing inheritance and mixins."
"foursquare","1559","Location based social networking website. Users with GPS mobile devices can check-in at venues and award badges."
"react-admin","1559","A frontend Framework for building admin applications running in the browser on top of REST/GraphQL APIs, using ES6, React and Material Design. Previously named admin-on-rest. Open sourced and maintained by marmelab."
"signals-slots","1558","Signals and slots is a mechanism for implementing the observer pattern."
"translate","1558","To translate means to convert a program written in one language into a semantically equivalent program written in another language."
"vue-cli","1557","Vue CLI is the official tooling for bootstrapping and maintaining your Vue projects.  Offering a feature rich and extensible platform for using (or developing your own) plugins and preset in zero-configuration fashion, as well as future-proofing the upgradebility of your project and tooling configurations."
"path-finding","1555","Pathfinding generally refers to the problem of finding the shortest route between two points, subject to any obstacles. Pathfinding has application in a wide range of areas including robotics and game development. Algorithms for pathfinding tend to be closely related to graph and tree search algorithms."
"synchronous","1555","Synchronous means that the caller of a function waits for the response or completion of the function before returning control to the main program"
"feature-extraction","1555","In pattern recognition and in image processing, feature extraction is a special form of dimensionality reduction. Transforming the input data into the set of features is called feature extraction. If the features extracted are carefully chosen it is expected that the features set will extract the relevant information from the input data in order to perform the desired task using this reduced representation instead of the full size input."
"shiny-server","1555","Shiny Server provides a platform on which you can host multiple Shiny applications on a single server, each with their own URL or port."
"xsd-validation","1554","XSD validations are used to validate the XML file against the stored schema."
"kill","1554","Kill is an operation of removing an object or process from memory so that other processes/variables can use them."
".net-standard","1554","The .NET Standard is a formal specification of .NET APIs that are intended to be available on all .NET runtimes. The motivation behind the .NET Standard is establishing greater uniformity in the .NET ecosystem. Consider tagging a more specific version of .NET Standard in your question."
"multicast","1553","Multicast refers to one-to-many network transmission options, where packets will be automatically propagated just to those nodes wishing to receive them. IP-based multicast is the common case, though other multicast implementations exist."
"masstransit","1553","MassTransit is a free, open source, lightweight service bus for the Microsoft .NET framework."
"swagger-2.0","1552","Swagger is a specification and framework implementation for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful web services. Swagger 2.0 is the current generation of the spec and includes many improvements over 1.X. This specification is now known as Open API 2.0."
"sharding","1551","Sharding is a technique of partitioning database tables by row (""horizontally""); typically this technique requires a key to be selected that determines how the rows are to be partitioned."
"shared-hosting","1550","Websites that are hosted on servers where many other peoples sites are hosted can have specific problems due to security concerns, lack of control of installed libraries, no root access etc.   "
"dt","1549","DT is an R package that provides an interface to the JavaScript library DataTables. Use the data.table tag for questions related to the data.frame extension package data.table."
"homestead","1548","Laravel Homestead is an official, pre-packaged Vagrant ""box"" that provides you a wonderful development environment without requiring you to install PHP, HHVM, a web server, and any other server software on your local machine.  Homestead runs on any Windows, Mac, or Linux system, and includes the Nginx web server, PHP 5.6-7.3, MySQL, Postgres, Redis, Memcached, and all of the other goodies you need to develop amazing Laravel applications."
"children","1548","Children is the set of all nodes within a hierarchical data structure which have a node above them."
"screen-orientation","1548","Detects whether the screen is in portrait orientation (height > width) or landscape orientation (width > height), and switches between the two. This term is especially used in mobile devices, where applications are notified when the user rotates the device. "
"extjs4.2","1548","Warning: only use this tag along with the generic extjs tag. Otherwise your question will not be seen by the many thousands following extjs"
"uistoryboardsegue","1548","UIStoryboardSegue is the Cocoa Touch class for segues used in storyboards in iOS 5.0 and later. Segues represent the relationship between two different scenes (i.e. view controllers) on a storyboard, generally used for facilitating the transition between two scenes."
"i2c","1547","I2C is a two-wire serial bus. It is used to interface with low-speed peripherals in embedded systems and computer motherboards."
"http-get","1547","HTTP GET is a request method which should be used to retrieve data and should not change state of the server."
"watch","1547","Watch refers to observing the status of variables, files or directories for some or all possible actions such as additions, deletions or modifications.   "
"temp-tables","1547","Temporary tables are a feature of RDBMS's as a means of storing intermediate results. Some RDBMS's make the distinction between local and global temporary tables. Temporary tables are typically dropped when the session ends for local, or when the temporary table is no longer referenced for global. Note that a temporary table is not the same as a table variable even though both are temporary in nature."
"wcf-ria-services","1546","Microsoft WCF RIA Services simplifies the traditional n-tier application pattern by bringing together the ASP.NET and Silverlight platforms."
"scalatest","1546","The Scala testing framework"
"angular-universal","1546","Angular Universal is a server-side rendering module for Angular applications."
"libreoffice","1545","LibreOffice (LibO) is a free and open source office suite, developed by The Document Foundation. It was forked from OpenOffice.org (OOo) in 2010."
"cassandra-3.0","1544","Cassandra 3.0 is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache.  Use this tag for questions relating to Cassandra versions from the 3.x release cycle."
"date-formatting","1543","Date formatting is the process of displaying, handling or converting a calendar date to a specific format."
"ffi","1541","A foreign function interface (FFI) is a mechanism for one language to interact with software written in another language."
"readonly","1541","Read-only is a generic concept that means ""not writeable"" - Please DO NOT USE THIS TAG. This tag is ambiguous and needs to be broken up."
"jquery-autocomplete","1539","Enhances input element to quickly select a value from a list or add your own. Comes with various options and hooks for customizing and extending. Powered by jQuery."
"excel-interop","1539","Excel Interop is the layer using the COM Interop that allows .NET (VB or C#) to communicate with standard COM objects and libraries."
"nginx-config","1539",""
"directory-structure","1537","Questions that relate to the organization of files and directories in a filesystem."
"production","1537","""Production"" is commonly referred to as the stage in software lifecycle where it's available to be used by the intended end user."
"public","1536","`public` is an access-specifier in object-oriented languages; it indicates that all objects have access to the `public` field or method."
"mobile-application","1534","Refers to a software application that is designed to run on a hand-held device, such as a smartphone, pda, or tablet."
"intentfilter","1534","In Android, an IntentFilter expresses a component's interest in or ability to handle particular data or actions. can match against actions, categories, and data (via its type, scheme, and/or path) in an Intent. It also includes a ""priority"" value which is used to order multiple matching filters."
"assign","1534","Something related to an assignment operation, i.e. the process of changing the content of a variable to reflect some given value."
"countif","1533","COUNTIF is an Excel function which allows for the counting of values in a range where the values meet a criterion."
"functor","1533","The term 'functor' has several common meanings:    1. Function object. In object-oriented languages, it is a feature that allows objects to be used as if they were ordinary functions.  2. A mathematical structure which deals with mappings between categories.  This concept is a useful abstraction in some programming languages, notably Haskell, where it is implemented as a type class.  3. In OCaml, a module that takes another module as an argument."
"autoload","1532","autoload is a language convention which allows missing classes or method dependencies to be loaded on-demand."
"supervisord","1532","Supervisor is a client/server system that allows its users to control a number of processes on UNIX-like operating systems. "
"taxonomy","1531","The classification, or categorization, of things"
"azure-devops-rest-api","1531","Azure DevOps Services REST API (previously: Visual Studio Team Services REST APIs) is a set of APIs allowing management of Azure DevOps (formerly: Visual Studio Team Services) accounts as well as TFS 2015/2017/2018/2019 servers."
"project-management","1530","PROJECT MANAGEMENT QUESTIONS ARE OFF-TOPIC. Please ask these questions on ProjectManagement.SE - https://pm.stackexchange.com"
"ethernet","1530","Ethernet is a set of networking technologies widely used to interconnect computers."
"crosstab","1529","A cross tab, also known as a ""pivot table"", is a method of summarizing data in tabular form.   Typically, these have a category column in the left hand side, and multiple summary columns to the right.  Each different category will have its own row."
"scrapy-spider","1529","Spiders are classes which define how a certain site (or group of sites) will be scraped, including how to perform the crawl (ie. follow links) and how to extract structured data from their pages (ie. scraping items)."
"xor","1528","For questions involving exclusive-or operations (typically bitwise)."
"nonblocking","1528","Non-blocking mode I/O either transfers at least one byte or returns immediately with an error or end of stream. Non-blocking algorithms refer to use of concurrency without the usual mutual exclusion primitives, guaranteeing that thread operations will not block indefinitely.  This is usually handled with atomic value modification (increment/decrement) and/or reading (compare-and-exchange) operations.. It isn't clear which this tag is intended for. "
"bottomnavigationview","1528","Questions related to bottom navigation bar. Bottom Navigation Bar menu item title,icon,populating content and and enabled states related issues. Bottom navigation bar item click listener, item background resource,item text color, inflate menu,max item count. Bottom Navigation Bar is an implementation of material design bottom navigation."
"macos-sierra","1527","The thirteenth release of Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers. It is the first Mac software branded as ""macOS"", which was called ""OS X"", ""Mac OS X"", and other variants previously."
"amd","1527","The Asynchronous Module Definition (AMD) API specifies a mechanism for defining modules such that the module and its dependencies can be asynchronously loaded. The AMD pattern is well suited for the browser environment where synchronous loading can be problematic."
"angularjs-service","1527","AngularJS services are singletons that carry out specific tasks common to web apps. AngularJS provides a range of built-in services, along with the ability to create custom services as required. Services are also used for communication between application components through dependency injection (DI)."
"text-classification","1527","Simply stating, text classification is all about putting a piece of text into a set of (mostly predefined) categories. This is one of the most important problems which occurs in many real world applications. For example one example of text classification would be an automated call centre which would like to categorise the complaints automatically into the most appropriate bucket of problems."
"pic","1526","PIC is a family of Harvard architecture microcontrollers made by Microchip Technology."
"training-data","1525","A training set is a set of data used to discover potentially predictive relationships, used in fields like artificial intelligence, machine learning, and statistics."
"android-image","1524","This tag is for questions related to images on Android"
"tampermonkey","1524","Tampermonkey is a userscript manager for Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Safari, Firefox, Opera, Dolphin Browser, and UC Browser. Tampermonkey scripts are privileged JavaScript code snippets, with access to a custom API that allows you to customize the way web pages look and act. "
"server-sent-events","1524","Server-Sent Events (SSE) are a a part of the HTML5 specification. SSE allows a uni-directional persistent connection between a client and server, such that the client makes only a single request and the server keeps pushing data to the client continuously, until the connection is closed."
"pyside2","1524","Questions about using PySide2, a Python Qt bindings project for Qt5. "
"dump","1522","Recording the contents of memory after application or operating system failure, or by operator request, in a core dump for use in subsequent problem analysis. Also, recording a file or medium as a backup."
"acrobat","1521","Adobe Acrobat is a family of applications developed by Adobe in order to view, create, manipulate, print and manage files in Portable Document Format (PDF)."
"archlinux","1521","Arch Linux is a Linux distribution intended to be lightweight and simple. Its development is focused on simplicity, elegance, code correctness and minimalism from a developer's standpoint."
"git-rebase","1521","With the git-rebase command, you can take the changes from one branch and replay them on top of another branch. "
"git-push","1520","Pushes the changes from a local Git repo to remote"
"fread","1520","A binary-safe file read function in C/C++/PHP that returns the specified number of bytes from a stream. Also a fast csv parser in R's data.table package."
"poco","1518","Means Plain Old CLR Object, a simple object that does not follow any object model, convention or framework. For questions about the POCO C++ library, please use [poco-libraries]."
"cvs","1517","CVS - Concurrent Versions System - is an open-source version control system"
"android-coordinatorlayout","1517","CoordinatorLayout is a super-powered FrameLayout."
"combine","1516","Combine is Apple's declarative Swift API for processing values over time. It is based on the Reactive Streams semantics. Use this tag for questions about the Combine framework."
"silverlight-3.0","1516","Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications. Silverlight 3 was released July 9, 2009"
"bamboo","1516","Bamboo is a continuous integration and deployment server from Atlassian, the makers of JIRA, Confluence and Crowd."
"pypi","1515","The Python Package Index (PyPI) is a repository of software for the Python programming language. Do not confuse with PyPy, the language implementation."
"definition","1515","A generic tag for topics providing definitions."
"preferences","1514","The java.util.prefs package provides a way for applications to store and retrieve user and system preference and configuration data."
"java-time","1514","The java.time package is a modern date-time framework that debuted in Java 8, defined by JSR 310, supplanting the java.util.Date and .Calendar classes. Inspired by Joda-Time, but re-architected. It uses the ISO 8601 standard as the default for parsing and generating strings and includes classes to represent date-only, time-of-day-only, and span-of-time values."
"aws-appsync","1514","AWS AppSync lets you build data-driven apps with real-time and offline-first capabilities based on GraphQL with custom resolver support for DynamoDB, ElasticSearch, AWS Lambda, and Local datasources."
"outlook-web-addins","1512","Use this tag for questions regarding Outlook web add-ins. This tag should not be used for questions regarding COM or VSTO add-ins."
"circular-dependency","1512","circular dependency is a relation between two or more modules which either directly or indirectly depend on each other to function properly. "
"openfire","1512","Openfire is a XMPP (Jabber) server written in Java. It has facility for developers to create plugins that can extend the server's functionality. "
"modulo","1511","The modulo (sometimes called modulus) operation finds the remainder of division of one number by another. It's typically represented by the percent ('%') character in programming languages."
"browser-history","1511","Browser history refers to the list of web pages a user has visited recently—and associated data such as page title and time of visit—which is recorded by web browser software as standard for a certain period of time."
"claims-based-identity","1510","Application model for presenting an identity to a claims aware application.  This identity contains claim elements, such as email address or username, in a secure package from a trusted source. This model separates the application from the authentication mechanism."
"disassembly","1510","Involves turning ""compiled"" code (such as machine code, byte code or IR code) back in higher-level assembly mnemonics."
"macos-catalina","1510","The sixteenth release of Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers. Use this tag only if your question relates to using macOS Catalina APIs or macOS Catalina specific behavior. Questions relating to using or troubleshooting macOS are off-topic."
"microsoft-cognitive","1509","Microsoft Cognitive Services (formerly Project Oxford) is a collection of artificial intelligence based decision, vision, speech, search, knowledge and language APIs."
"braintree","1509","Braintree provides an API for accepting payments online and through mobile apps with a single integration."
"grails-plugin","1508","A Grails plugin is a self-contained bundle of functionality that can be installed into a Grails application. "
"linux-mint","1506","Linux Mint is an operating system based on the Linux distribution Ubuntu."
"ranking","1506","Ranking is the sorted order of an element in a list of elements. Usually a high ranking means the element is good in terms of certain metric. "
"onesignal","1506","OneSignal is mobile and web push notification and SMS/email messaging service and API. Developers and marketers use OneSignal to deliver and track targeted transactional and promotional messages to their customers. "
"apple-m1","1506","This tag is used for questions related to the Apple M1 family of devices; that is machines or electronics running on M1 system on a chip."
"extend","1504","Cause a unit of code (a class in POO, a style class in CSS ...) to cover a wider area."
"rules","1503","This tag is very broad, try being more specific by using tags relevant to your problem. Examples are ""rule-engine"" for rules engines, ""url-rewriting""/""mod-rewrite"" for rewrite rules or ""form-validation"" for validation rules. See the full wiki article for a more complete list."
"dynamic-linking","1502","Dynamic linking is a system which allows libraries to remain separate from programs until loaded, contrast static linking."
"code-formatting","1502","Code formatting is the way to format the source code of programs,using spaces and tabs, improving legibility of source code."
"crash-reports","1501","Crash reports covers anything related to obtaining any data related to an application failure."
"webdriver-io","1501","WebdriverIO from webdriver.io is a JavaScript library for controlling browsers with Selenium server via the WebDriver API."
"android-camera2","1501","The android.hardware.camera2 package provides an interface to fully control many apsects of camera device, e.g. CameraDevice, CaptureRequest-CaptureResult flow, Surfaces, ProcessingImages, setting camera parameters, setting request parameters and so on. It replaces the deprecated Camera class."
"rxjs5","1501","The 5th version of the reactive extensions for javascript."
"amazon-kinesis","1500","Amazon Kinesis is a fully managed service for real-time processing of streaming data at massive scale."
"spring-amqp","1500","Spring components for AMQP-based messaging."
"mailgun","1499","Mailgun is an online service that provides a set of APIs for sending, receiving, tracking and storing email. "
"pouchdb","1499","PouchDB is a client side database solution built on top of browser provided databases (IndexedDB and WebSQL). It's implemented in JavaScript and aims to be as much compatible with CouchDB as possible. It can also replicate to and from CouchDB, so is a good fit for offline applications with synchronisation capabilities."
"sample","1498","Small part of or a selection from something (code, logs, data etc.), intended to show the structure, style, or nature of the whole."
"access-violation","1496","An access violation (also known as segmentation fault) is generally an attempt to access memory that the CPU cannot physically address. It is often caused when attempting to access a null reference or a reference to memory that has been freed."
"gatling","1495","Gatling is an open-source load testing framework based on Scala, Akka and Netty."
"webfonts","1494","Technology that enables people to use fonts on demand over the Web without requiring installation in the operating system."
"datediff","1494","Date-difference will give difference in the number of days, months, years etc. between any two calendar dates. Not defined by ISO/ANSI SQL, but several vendors have similar implementations."
"uniqueidentifier","1494","With reference to a given (possibly implicit) set of objects, a unique identifier is any identifier which is guaranteed to be unique among all identifiers used for those objects and for a specific purpose."
"truncate","1493","Data truncation is the automatic or deliberate shortening of data. A string, decimal number, or datestamp can be truncated to a shorter value.  A data stream (such as a file or record set) can be truncated when either the entirety of the data is not needed or when it will be stored in a location too short to hold its entire length. No rounding occurs when numbers are truncated."
"setup.py","1493","setup.py is a Python script required by libraries packaged and distributed with Distutils."
"flask-restful","1493","Flask-RESTful provides an extension to Flask for building REST APIs. Flask-RESTful was initially developed as an internal project at Twilio, built to power their public and internal APIs."
"schema.org","1493","Schema.org is a collaboration from several search engines, defining logic data model and vocabulary for structured data based on entity relationships model. It has proposed in the model the set of entities, their object and data properties."
"template-specialization","1492","Template specialization refers to programmer-generated explicit specialization of templates for specific types."
"bitnami","1491","Bitnami is a library of popular server applications and development environments that can be installed with one click, either in your laptop, in a virtual machine or hosted in the cloud."
"has-many-through","1490","In Ruby on Rails, a has_many :through association is often used to set up a many-to-many connection with another model. This association indicates that the declaring model can be matched with zero or more instances of another model by proceeding through a third model."
"android-4.4-kitkat","1490","Android 4.4 (codename KitKat) is API level 19 of the mobile operating system developed by Google."
"android-sdcard","1489","SD Card is a Secure Digital Card available with Android which acts as the External Storage Directory."
"plsqldeveloper","1488","PL/SQL Developer is an Integrated Development Environment by Allround Automations that is specifically targeted at the development of stored program units for Oracle Databases."
"progress","1488","""Progress"" is the name of a development tool and database from Progress Software Corporation. The ""progress-4gl"", ""progress-db"" and ""openedge"" tags are more specific to that environment. "
"custom-fields","1487","WordPress custom fields: author-entered post metadata"
"jsonpath","1487","JSONPath is a means of using XPath-like syntax to query JSON structures. Not to be confused with rest-assured's JsonPath implementation based on Groovy's Gpath. Use the [json-path-expression] tag for questions about JSON path expressions in general and for questions about JSON path expression DSLs."
"flux","1486","An application design paradigm used as a replacement for MVC, pioneered at Facebook by Jing Chen"
"functional-testing","1486","Functional testing is a quality assurance (QA) process  and a type of black box testing that bases its test cases on the specifications of the software component under test."
"cycle","1484","A cycle is a process or series of items, which repeats several times."
"configure","1483","A Configure script is an executable script designed to aid in developing a program to be run on a wide number of different computers."
"inotifypropertychanged","1483","INotifyPropertyChanged is an interface defined in Microsoft .NET used to notify listeners of data changes made to an object. These notifications enable data-bound UI controls to update their display automatically whenever the data properties they are bound to have changed."
"memcpy","1483","memcpy() is a C standard library function used for copying a block of memory bytes from one place to another."
"azure-cli","1482","The Azure CLI allows Azure users to manage their Azure assets and interact with their Azure services, applications, containers, and infrastructure in an idiomatic way."
"odoo-9","1481","Odoo is a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and released under the AGPL license. It is used by 2 million users worldwide to manage companies of all different sizes. The main Odoo components are the server, 260 core modules (also called official modules) and around 4000 community modules."
"timepicker","1481","A view for selecting the time of day, in either 24 hour or AM/PM mode. "
"bottle","1481","Bottle is a fast, simple and lightweight WSGI micro web-framework for Python. It is distributed as a single file module and has no dependencies other than the Python Standard Library."
"delphi-xe","1480","Delphi XE is a specific version of Delphi. Delphi XE was released in August 2010, and is available as a standalone product or as part of RAD Studio XE."
"naudio","1480","NAudio is an open source audio library for .NET, supporting audio playback, recording and sample manipulation as well as reading and writing various audio file formats."
"bootstrap-vue","1479","Provides implementation of Bootstrap v4.3 components and grid system for Vue.js 2.6+"
"packet","1478","A packet is one unit of binary data capable of being routed through a computer network."
"signalr-hub","1477","Hubs provide a higher level RPC framework over a PersistentConnection. If you have different types of messages that you want to send between server and client then hubs is recommended so you don't have to do your own dispatching."
"solver","1476","A solver is a generic term indicating a piece of mathematical software, possibly in the form of a stand-alone computer program or as a software library, that 'solves' a mathematical problem."
"vcl","1476","This tag is used for questions regarding the Visual Component Library used in Borland/CodeGear/Embarcadero Delphi and C++Builder products.  Do not confuse this with the Varnish Configuration Language (VCL).  Use the ""varnish-vcl"" tag for questions related to that product."
"uicollectionviewlayout","1475","The UICollectionViewLayout class is an abstract base class that is used to generate layout information for a collection view. "
"arm-template","1474","Azure Resource Manager(ARM) Templates are used to deploy all the resources required for an application to Azure. In the template, you define the resources that are needed for the application and specify deployment parameters to input values for different environments. They consist of JSON and expressions which you can use to construct values for your deployment. "
"netflix-eureka","1474","AWS Service registry for resilient mid-tier load balancing and failover."
"google-spreadsheet-api","1472","The Google Spreadsheets data API allows client applications to view and update Spreadsheets content in the form of Google data API feeds. Your client application can request a list of a user's spreadsheets, edit or delete content in an existing Spreadsheets worksheet, and query the content in an existing Spreadsheets worksheet. "
"osx-mountain-lion","1472","Mac OS X Mountain Lion (10.8) is the ninth and current major release of Mac OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers."
"nightwatch.js","1470","Nightwatch.js is an easy to use Node.js based End-to-End (E2E) testing solution for browser based apps and websites."
"smack","1470","Smack is an XMPP (Jabber) client library written in Java for Android and Java SE. It provides a simple API allowing developers to write clients for XMPP services."
"umbraco7","1469","Umbraco 7 is an open source content management system (CMS) platform for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets. It is written in C# and deployed on Microsoft based infrastructure. "
"jmeter-plugins","1468","JMeter Plugins project is a сustom set of plugins for Apache JMeter, not affiliated with Apache Software Foundation."
"playback","1468","Playing a sound or a video from an existing audio or video file or stream."
"treemap","1468","An implementation of a mapping (dictionary) using a tree. This tag is also used for treemapping, an information visualization method for displaying hierarchical data with nested rectangles."
"flutter-test","1468","Flutter-Test contains tests related to Flutter app including Unit tests, Widget test and end-to-end integration tests using Flutter-Driver. "
"fadeout","1467","The fadeOut() method gradually changes the opacity, for selected elements, from visible to hidden (fading effect)."
"database-backups","1467","database-backups are intended to preserve data by serializing database tables to a text format or exporting them to a binary format"
"impersonation","1467","Impersonation is a process whereby an application assumes another identity or security context during execution."
"datacontext","1467","A DataContext is used in WPF, Silverlight and various other .NET technologies. When used with WPF or Silverlight, a DataContext is an object holding the data that the form (or page in case of Silverlight) uses as a display source for its UI elements."
"back","1466","Method or control to return user to previous state, page or screen."
"instance-variables","1466","In object-oriented programming with classes, an instance variable is a variable defined in a class (i.e. a member variable), for which each object of the class has a separate copy."
"core","1466","Use this tag to refer to processor cores or questions related to threads and parallel processing. For questions about .Net Core, please use the [.net-core] tag."
"libxml2","1466","Software library for parsing XML documents."
"jsp-tags","1464","JSP tags are a feature of Java Server Pages that allow the encapsulation of view-specific logic and separation of presentation and business concerns."
"image-manipulation","1464","Image manipulation is the term used to describe various operations applied to images such as resizing, removing noise, or alteration of colour depth."
"rollback","1463","A rollback is reverting data to a previous state.  Typically questions in this tag involve transactions in Relational Database Management Systems, where a ROLLBACK command is used to discard any changes to the data since a transaction started."
"binary-data","1461","Binary-data is information stored using a two character alphabet (typically written using 0 and 1)"
"mex","1461","MEX-files (MEX stands for Matlab EXecutable) are dynamically linked subroutines produced from C, C++ or Fortran source code that, when compiled, can be run from within MATLAB® in the same way as MATLAB functions or built-in functions."
"unions","1461","The plural of a keyword in the C family of languages for declaring a union data type."
"logstash-grok","1461","Grok is an abstraction on top of regular expressions to allow easy parsing of unstructured text into structured and queryable form. "
"alarm","1460","Anything related to the design and implementation of alarms. An alarm is a form of man-machine interaction where the attention of the user of an application or a system is attracted using an audible, a visual or some other kind of signal (or a combination thereof) in order to make the user aware that some event has happened."
"unmanaged","1460","Unmanaged refers to Windows code that is independent of the Common Language Runtime(CLR). COM components, ActiveX components, and Win32 API functions are examples of unmanaged code."
"capacitor","1460","Capacitor is a cross-platform app runtime that allows developers to build web apps that run natively on iOS, Android, Electron and the web."
"minitest","1459","a testing framework that comes in the standard library of Ruby 1.9."
"rank","1458","Rank refers to the relative position, value, worth, complexity, power, level etc. of an object."
"pylint","1458","Pylint is a Python source code analyzer looking for bugs and signs of poor quality. "
"imacros","1457","iMacros is an extension for the Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer web browsers which adds record and replay functionality similar to that found in web testing and form filler software."
"friend","1457","In object-oriented programming, friend refers to a method or class that has access to some non-public aspects of a particular class."
"openxml-sdk","1457","The Open XML SDK for Microsoft Office is built on top of the System.IO.Packaging API and provides strongly typed part classes to manipulate Open XML documents."
"jsdoc","1457","JSDoc is a markup language for adding inline API documentation to JavaScript source code. This is distinct from the various tools that parse and manipulate code that follows the JSDoc syntax."
"laravel-passport","1457","Laravel Passport is a native OAuth 2 server for Laravel apps."
"private-key","1457","Private key that occurs in asymmetric cryptography algorithms such as RSA and Diffie-Hellman as the counterpart to a public key. The private key must never be divulged while the public key can be made available to everyone. If your question is not pertaining specifically to the private key (usage/encoding/etc.), you should use more appropriate tags such as [public-key-encryption], [digital-signature], [diffie-hellman] or even [cryptography]."
"google-maps-api-2","1456","The Google Maps API (v2) lets you embed Google Maps in your own web pages with JavaScript. Version 2 of the API has been officially deprecated as of May 19, 2010 and will be shut down on May 26, 2021."
"autotools","1456","Autotools is a suite of programming tools (mainly autoconf, automake, and libtool) designed to assist in making source-code packages portable to many Unix-like systems."
"cx-oracle","1456","cx_Oracle is a Python extension module that allows access to Oracle databases and conforms to the Python database API specification."
"jailbreak","1455","Questions related to the process of gaining root access to a mobile device for the purpose of software and OS modification. This term is generally used in association with iOS devices, but can be used to describe the rooting process for other devices."
"algolia","1455","For programming-related questions about Algolia, the hosted search API. For non-programming related questions or general discussion, please post your question on discourse.algolia.com instead. You can expect a prompt, friendly reply from our team or community."
"keras-layer","1455",""
"google-sheets-query","1455","Use for question about the QUERY function of Google Sheets."
"literals","1454","a notation for representing fixed values in source code"
"cheerio","1453","Questions about Cheerio, an implementation of core jQuery designed specifically for the server."
"virtual-reality","1452","For programming questions about virtual reality. Only use this tag when a specific platform tag doesn't exist or the question is sufficiently cross-platform."
"streamwriter","1451","StreamWriter is designed for character output in a particular encoding, whereas classes derived from Stream are designed for byte input and output."
"lme4","1451","lme4 is an R package for fitting and analyzing linear, nonlinear and generalized linear mixed models."
"xamarin-studio","1450","Xamarin Studio was a .NET development environment focused on creating iOS, Android and Mac apps."
"hlsl","1450","HLSL(High Level Shader Language) is a proprietary shading language developed by Microsoft for use with the Microsoft Direct3D API"
"coldfusion-9","1448","ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe. ColdFusion 9.0.1, was released on July 2010.  ColdFusion 9.0.2 was released in May 2011"
"date-range","1447","Date-range refers to a range of dates, i.e. a period of time between a start date and an end date."
"gsm","1447","GSM is an abbreviation for ""Global System for Mobile Communication"""
"axis-labels","1446","The labels on any axis of a plot"
"codeception","1446","Codeception is a modern full-stack testing framework for PHP. Inspired by BDD, it provides a way of writing acceptance, functional and even unit tests. Powered by PHPUnit."
"powerapps","1446","Power Apps is an enterprise service to create and share business apps. "
"goroutine","1445","A goroutine is a lightweight thread of execution that is managed by the Go language runtime."
"producer-consumer","1445","The Producer-Consumer Problem (also known as the bounded-buffer problem) is a classical example of a multi-process synchronization problem. The problem describes two processes, the producer and the consumer, who share a common, fixed-size buffer used as a queue."
"fabric","1444","A Python library and command-line tool for streamlining the use of SSH for application deployment or systems administration tasks.   For questions about Google Fabric service, please use the tag [google-fabric]. For questions about FabricJs library, please use [fabricjs]. For questions about Hyperledger Fabric, please use [hyperledger-fabric]. For questions about the Minecraft modding toolchain Fabric, please use [minecraft-fabric]."
"tabbar","1444","TabBar is a ActionScript UI component used for switching between different application states."
"spring-restcontroller","1444","@RestController is Spring MVC's shortcut annotation for creating Rest Controllers. Use this tag for questions relating to the use of this annotation."
"apache-zeppelin","1444","Apache Zeppelin is a web-based notebook that enables data-driven interactive data analytics. You can make beautiful data-driven, interactive and collaborative documents with SQL, Python, Scala and more. It also supports Markdown syntax."
"live-streaming","1442","Live Streaming is the action of streaming a media (video, audio or both) over the network in real time."
"eager-loading","1442","Eager loading is a way to load objects of a certain class and a number of named associations in the same request."
"glib","1442","GLib is a general-purpose and cross-platform utility library, which provides many useful data types, macros, type conversions, string utilities, file utilities, a main loop abstraction, and so on."
"processbuilder","1441","Processbuilder is Java wrapper around an Operating System Process. This class is used to create operating system processes. "
"higher-order-functions","1441","Higher-order functions are functions which either take functions as arguments or return them as output (or both).  They are a cornerstone of functional programming."
"mypy","1441","Mypy is an optional static type checker for Python."
"outputstream","1440","An abstract mechanism for writing data to a stream in Java and C#"
"restful-authentication","1439","Questions about authentication for RESTful services."
"hyper-v","1439","Hyper-V is the Microsoft Windows hypervisor starting in Windows Server 2008 R2 and also running on Hyper-V Server 2008, Hyper-V Server 2012, Windows Server 2012, and as an optional component of Windows 8. "
"django-cms","1439","Django CMS is a plugin-based Django application for managing hierarchical pages of content, possibly in multiple languages and/or on multiple sites."
"criteria-api","1439","This tag is for questions related to the Java Persistence Criteria API (from JPA 2.0) which is used to define queries through the construction of object-based query definition objects, rather than use of the string-based approach of the Java Persistence query language.  For questions related to (N)Hibernate Criteria, use the [icriteria] tag.  "
"backtracking","1439","Backtracking is a general algorithm for finding solutions to some computational problem, that incrementally builds candidates to the solutions."
"webpack-2","1439","Use this tag for questions specific to features in Webpack 2. When using this tag, also include the more generic [webpack] tag where possible."
"alpine","1439","Alpine Linux is a small, simple and secure Linux distribution based on musl libc and busybox. For questions related to the Alpine.js library, use the tag [alpine.js]."
"loss-function","1439",""
"typescript2.0","1439","Tag for questions specific to new features in TypeScript 2.x. For general TypeScript questions, the correct tag is TypeScript."
"firefox-addon-webextensions","1436","WebExtensions are a way to write Firefox extensions that are compatible with other browsers such as Google Chrome and Opera. Microsoft plans to bring support to their Edge browser soon. Questions requiring a MCVE (i.e. debugging questions) should include your manifest.json file in addition to all other files needed to duplicate the problem."
"mpdf","1435","mPDF is a PHP library for generating PDF files from HTML with Unicode/UTF-8 and CJK support. It is distributed under the GNU General Public License. Although it is slower than its protoplast (fpdf library) it supports Unicode characters while fpdf does not. "
"akka-http","1434","The purpose of the Akka HTTP layer is to expose Actors to the web via HTTP and to enable them to consume HTTP services as a client. It is not an HTTP framework, it is an Actor-based toolkit for interacting with web services and clients."
"self","1434","A keyword used in instance methods to refer to the object on which they are working."
"android-dialog","1432","Base class for Dialogs. A dialog in Android is a small window that prompts the user to make a decision or enter additional information. A dialog does not fill the screen and is normally used for modal events that require users to take an action before they can proceed."
"google-docs-api","1431","The Google Docs API lets you create and modify documents. Use for questions regarding programmatic manipulation of Google documents through the REST-API. Do NOT use for direct manipulation through Google Apps Script or for access through Google Drive API."
"restart","1430","Restart refers to the process where a software program or system is systematically (and preferably gracefully) shut down then automatically invoked to full functionality without intervention from the user."
"virtual-functions","1430","In object-oriented programming, a virtual function or virtual method is a function or method whose behaviour can be overridden within an inheriting class by a function with the same signature. This concept is a very important part of the polymorphism portion of object-oriented programming (OOP)."
"autocompletetextview","1429","AutoCompleteTextView is an Android widget that automatically shows complete suggestions as the user types."
"converters","1428","Converters can change data from one type to another, translate data based on cultural information, or modify other aspects of presentation. "
"rethinkdb","1428","RethinkDB is a scalable, open-source, distributed database system built to store JSON documents. It features a query language that has useful queries like table joins and group by, a highly parallelized architecture, and web tools for managing clusters."
"webapi","1428","Questions related to web browser's Web APIs specification. Web APIs is a set of numerous different APIs related to programmatically using web browser with your JavaScript code. For example the visual web page rendered is represented as and controlled by Document Object Model (DOM), which itself is a Web API. Or when using console.debug() function to log messages to the browser's console, you are using Console API."
"docker-registry","1426","Docker Registry is a service which you can push Docker images to for storage and sharing. It is also the tool's name."
"windows-server-2012-r2","1426","Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 is a version of server operating system Microsoft Windows Server 2012 released on October 18, 2013"
"branching-and-merging","1426","In version control, branches represent parallel lines of development. Merging is the action that integrates changes made in different branches."
"nsfilemanager","1426","The NSFileManager class enables you to perform various generic file-system operations and insulates an application from the underlying file system."
"mobile-website","1425","Mobile Website refers to the design and implementation of web content aimed at clients using mobile devices such as phones or tablets."
"google-admin-sdk","1423","Use for questions about using APIs and services that are part of the Google (G Suite) Admin SDK, platform for developers that write applications to manage G Suite domains, migrate from and integrate with existing IT infrastructure, create users, update settings, audit activity, and more."
"unordered-map","1423","is a C++ class that is an associative container storing a combination of a key value and a mapped value allowing for quick retrieval of elements based on their keys."
"comma","1423","Comma ',' is used to indicate a separation of elements within a list, such as an array, or parameters accepted by a function."
"huggingface-transformers","1423","Transformers is a Python library that implements various transformer NLP models in PyTorch and Tensorflow."
"sd-card","1421","SD-card (Secure Digital) is a non-volatile memory card, often used in digital cameras as well as in mobile devices."
"monitor","1421","Monitor is component for Monitoring. It is the act of looking on the processes or systems for performance, supervision and surveillance. "
"boot","1421","The boot phase broadly refers to the set of operations that a computer system performs between power-on and access to a graphical/textual shell. Do NOT use this tag for Spring Boot or Twitter Bootstrap. Use [spring-boot] and [twitter-bootstrap] instead."
"ontouchlistener","1421","Android interface to define a callback to be invoked when a view is touched."
"facet","1421","Facetting is a technique for data visualization which makes it easier to compare groups inside your data."
"partial","1420","Existing only in part; incomplete."
"ioexception","1420","IOException is the general class of exceptions produced by failed or interrupted input/output operations in several languages, including Java and C#."
"wtforms","1420","WTForms is a flexible forms validation and rendering library for Python."
"apex-code","1420","A proprietary Java-like programming language for the Force.com Platform, not to be confused with Oracle's Application Express (oracle-apex)."
"silverlight-5.0","1419","Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications. The latest Silverlight version available is Silverlight 5."
"globalization","1419","The process of making an application suitable for use for a world-wide audience, regardless of culture."
"portable-class-library","1418","The Portable Class Library project enables you to write and build managed assemblies that work on more than one .NET Framework platform (Silverlight, WP7, or XNA)."
"workflow-foundation","1417","windows workflow foundation… provides a programming model, in-process workflow engine and rehostable designer to implement long-running processes as workflows within .NET applications. "
"horizontal-scrolling","1417","horizontal-scrolling refers to a user-interface capability to view offscreen content which is wider than the screen by using on-screen controls or an input device to change the left/right offset"
"sampling","1417","In signal processing, sampling is the reduction of a continuous signal to a discrete signal. In statistics, sampling is the selection of a subset of individuals from within a statistical population to estimate characteristics of the whole population."
"spotfire","1416","TIBCO Spotfire is a flexible environment for analyzing business and technical data. It includes in-memory analysis, predictive modeling and a visual interface."
"cat","1415","The cat command is a standard Unix program used to concatenate and display files. The name is from catenate, a synonym of concatenate."
"jbpm","1415","jBPM  is a light-weight business process management suite written in Java. Use this tag for questions related to jBPM usage and workflows."
"provider","1413","DO NOT USE — this tag is being cleaned up. Use [android-contentprovider], [flutter-provider], [provider-model], or whatever more specific tag is appropriate instead."
"voice-recognition","1412","Voice Recognition means identification of the person talking and is frequently misapplied to mean ""Speech Recognition"" - identification of what is being said.   "
"remote-desktop","1411","Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) is a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft, which provides a user with a graphical interface to another computer."
"landscape","1411","A page or device orientation in which the horizontal axis is longer than the vertical axis."
"high-availability","1410","High availability is a software design approach and implementation that ensures a prearranged level of operational performance will be met during a contractual measurement period."
"orders","1410","USE ONLY for related questions to e-commerce. DO NOT USE in all other cases."
"egit","1409","For questions about the EGit Eclipse plugin for the Git version control system."
"privileges","1409","This tag is for questions relating to the general topic of privileges, without reference to any specific operating system or application. "
"portability","1408","Portable code can be run with little to no modification in multiple environments.  Portable applications can be run from e.g. a USB drive without modifying a computer's environment."
"django-serializer","1407","Django provides serializers for serializing models into common data formats such as JSON and XML. Not related to django-rest-framework."
"codec","1406","Codec is an implementation of compression and decompression of digital data streams and signals in different scales. Digital data like audio, video and electronic documents are been compressed and decompressed using codecs."
"has-many","1405","has_many indicates a master-detail relationship."
"linked-server","1405","The SQL Server ""linked server"" feature makes it possible to execute commands, such as a SELECT statement, on a remote server."
"skspritenode","1405","An SKSpriteNode is a node that draws a textured image, a colored square, or a textured image blended with a color. "
"read-eval-print-loop","1404","A Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL) is the most common model for an interactive interpreter - it Reads input, Evaluates it, Prints it, and Loops back to the beginning."
"factory-pattern","1404","This tag is ambiguous. It may refer to one of the GoF patterns: Factory Method ([factory-method]) or Abstract Factory ([abstract-factory]). It may refer to patterns outside the GoF book. It may refer to all Factory ([factory]) patterns collectively, or it may refer to some other creational pattern. Please use another tag instead of this one."
"qa","1404","Quality assurance, or QA for short, is the systematic monitoring and evaluation of the various aspects of a project, service or facility to maximize the probability that minimum standards of quality are being attained by the production process. QA cannot absolutely guarantee the production of quality products."
"cancan","1403","The CanCan gem offers a straight forward and flexible way to define what a user can and cannot do. "
"extern","1402","extern is an access-specifier in C and C++ which defines a global variable that is visible to all object modules."
"superclass","1401","A superclass is a parent or base class that is derived or inherited from by a child class (or subclass). Superclasses are used extensively in object-oriented programming (OOP)."
"shared","1401","In VB.NET, the Shared keyword is roughly equivalent to the static keyword used by many other languages."
"pool","1401","A pool describes a cache of resources that an application can draw from to save instantiation time. "
"jdeveloper","1401","Oracle JDeveloper is an integrated development environment that simplifies the development of Java-based SOA applications and user interfaces, supporting the full software development life cycle. Do NOT use this tag for problems with Oracle ADF itself!"
"valueerror","1401","Must be used only when 'ValueError' is raised. It occurs when inappropriate values of a correct datatype is used"
"wiki","1400","A wiki is a CMS for collaborative content creation, typically with a flat content structure and heavy cross-referencing. Consider using a more specific tag."
"osx-snow-leopard","1400","Mac OS X Snow Leopard (10.6) is the seventh major release of Mac OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers."
"predict","1400","Prediction of values based on model objects."
"install4j","1400","install4j is a multi-platform installer builder for Java-based applications. It is developed by ej-technologies GmbH."
"vscode-debugger","1399","The Visual Studio Code debugger allows the developer to find errors in a program by pausing and inspecting the code."
"vaadin7","1398","Vaadin 7 is a legacy version of Vaadin, an open-source Java web application framework. EOL Feb 2019, extended maintenance commercially available until Feb 2029."
"linear-gradients","1398","A linear gradient is a field of color which smoothly changes from one color to another (or more than two)."
"pagespeed","1397","A set of tools from Google for applying performance best practices to web pages. "
"swiper","1397","Mobile touch slider & framework with hardware accelerated transitions"
"appdomain","1396","An application domain is an isolated environment in which Microsoft .NET assemblies can be sandboxed, granted specific permissions or PermissionSets and executed."
"autodesk-viewer","1396","The Autodesk Viewer enables your customers to visualize and interact with 2D and 3D design data in a web browser or on a mobile device, anytime, anywhere. No downloads or plug-ins required. "
"codable","1394","Use this tag only for questions directly pertaining to the Swift Codable protocol introduced in Swift 4. "
"systemjs","1394","Spec-compliant universal module loader - loads ES6 modules, AMD, CommonJS and global scripts."
"google-cast","1393","Questions related to the Google Cast screen-sharing technology. Includes questions about creating a Receiver (a HTML5/JS/CSS3) app that runs on the Chromecast device, and about creating a Sender on their Chrome browser and / or iOS and Android devices."
"capture","1393","capture is the process of converting a set of pixels on a screen into a bitmap image stored in memory"
"overwrite","1393","Overwriting is a process of replacing content with other content in place. It can be physically replaced on storage, or overridden with newer version of content type."
"android-viewmodel","1393","The ViewModel class is designed to store and manage UI-related data in a lifecycle conscious way. The ViewModel class allows data to survive configuration changes such as screen rotations. For topics related to Android, use Android-specific tags such as android-intent, android-activity, android-adapter, etc. For questions other than development or programming, but related to the Android framework, use this link: https://android.stackexchange.com."
"graphql-js","1393","The JavaScript reference implementation for GraphQL, a query language created by Facebook for describing data requirements on complex application data models."
"excel-2016","1392","The Excel-2016 tag is used for referencing the spreadsheet component of the Microsoft Office 2016 suite released 22 Sep 2015.   The version independent Tag is ""excel"". If it is about VBA code or an Excel formula or worksheet function, then tag it vba & excel or excel-formula or worksheet-function respectively."
"one-to-one","1392","Refers to the quantity of an entity as a relationship to another entity.  Meaning that for every instance of an entity, there is a single related instance of another entity."
"dtd","1391","DTD stands for ""Document Type Definition"" as specified in the XML 1.x Recommendations of the W3C. DTDs define formal grammars for XML documents: which tags you can use and where you can use them. Validating XML processors apply this grammar to XML documents to determine whether they conform to these grammars, in which case the document is ""valid""."
"uac","1391","This tag is used for questions concerning the User Account Control (UAC) security feature of Windows Vista, Windows 7, 8 and higher versions of Windows."
"selenium-rc","1391","Selenium Remote Control - Answer to UI level functional test Web automation"
"laravel-5.7","1391","Laravel 5.7 is the previous stable version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on September 4, 2018. Use it in addition to the [laravel-5] tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.7. Use the [laravel] tag for general Laravel related questions."
"hibernate-search","1390","Hibernate Search automatically extracts data from Hibernate ORM entities to push it to local Apache Lucene indexes or remote Elasticsearch indexes. "
"geoserver","1390","GeoServer is the reference implementation of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) Web Feature Service (WFS) and Web Coverage Service (WCS) standards, as well as a high performance certified compliant Web Map Service (WMS)."
"qthread","1389","QThread is a threading class provided by the cross-platform Qt framework."
"direct3d","1389","Direct3D is a high-performance, COM-based API for accessing graphics hardware (GPUs) in a device-independent way on Microsoft platforms."
"jnlp","1388","JNLP stands for Java Network Launch Protocol.  It is the format of the XML based files used to configure the details of applications & applets launched using Java Web Start."
"iqueryable","1388",".NET Framework Interface, providing functionality to evaluate queries against a specific data source wherein the type of the data is not specified."
"blackberry-10","1388","BlackBerry 10 is a QNX-based mobile platform developed by BlackBerry (formerly Research in Motion). It is the successor to the BlackBerry Java platform and was launched to consumers on January 30th 2013. Be sure to read the tag wiki (click on learn more) before selecting question tags."
"database-normalization","1387","Database normalization is the process of organizing the fields and tables of a relational database to minimize redundancy and dependency. It removes insertion, deletion and update anomalies.  Normalization involves decomposing a table into less redundant, smaller tables without losing information."
"fixtures","1387","Fixtures are scopes used for running tests which isolate each test from global namespace pollution and side-effects from previous tests in order to avoid false positives and false negatives"
"varchar","1386","A varchar or variable character field is a set of character data of indeterminate length."
"dynamics-crm-2013","1386","Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package. The product focuses mainly on Sales, Marketing, Service and Help Desk sectors but Microsoft has been marketing Dynamics CRM as an XRM platform encouraging partners to use its proprietary (.NET based) framework to customize it to meet many different demands. The software has been moved to the cloud solution and exists in two versions - on-premise and on-line."
"azure-cognitive-search","1385","Azure Cognitive Search is a fully managed Azure Cloud service that offers rich full-text indexing and search. Allows you to add search facility to both existing and new application either Line of Business application, public facing websites or mobile applications using REST API or .NET SDK."
"aiohttp","1385","Use this tag for questions about AIOHTTP – a client/server framework for asyncio Python."
"uicolor","1385","A UIColor object represents color and sometimes opacity (alpha value). You can use UIColor objects to store color data, and during drawing you can use them to set the current fill and stroke colors."
"submenu","1385","A submenu is a menu, that is a list of options or commands, which is contained within another menu."
"relation","1385","A relation on sets S1, S2, ..., SN is any subset of S1 x S2 x ... x SN, where 'x' denotes the Cartesian product. In other words, a relation over N sets is any set of ordered N-tuples over the N sets. "
"dataweave","1385","The DataWeave Language is a powerful template engine that allows you to transform data to and from any kind of format (XML, CSV, JSON, Pojos, Maps, etc)."
"tensorflow.js","1384","TensorFlow.js is a library for developing and training ML models in JavaScript, and deploying in browser or on Node.js"
"http-proxy","1384","An HTTP Proxy is a server that receives requests from your web browser and then makes the request to the Internet on your behalf. It then returns the results to your browser."
"autoencoder","1383","An autoencoder, autoassociator or Diabolo network is an artificial neural network used for learning efficient codings. As such, it is part of the dimensionality reduction algorithms."
"flex4.5","1383","Flex 4.5 is an iteration of the ActionScript and MXML based RIA SDK focused on expanding support for mobile / tablet platforms."
"spell-checking","1383","Flagging words in a document that may not be spelled correctly."
"cruisecontrol.net","1382","CruiseControl.NET is a .NET-based framework for supporting a continuous build process. It includes, but is not limited to, plugins for email notification, Ant, and various source control tools."
"contact","1382","A person who may be approached for information or assistance or the action of communicating with (someone), typically in order to give or receive information."
"qgis","1381","QGIS is an open source program used to process and visualize geospatial data. It is available for most desktop and mobile operating systems."
"figure","1381","A container for images, plots or other graphical elements with some optional meta-information."
"cassandra-2.0","1380","Cassandra 2.0 is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache."
"nsmanagedobjectcontext","1379","An instance of NSManagedObjectContext represents a single “object space”. Its primary responsibility is to manage a collection of managed objects. These objects form a group of related model objects that represent an internally consistent view of one or more persistent stores. A single managed object instance exists in one and only one context, but multiple copies of an object can exist in different contexts. Available in iOS 3.0 and later in CoreData."
"tablelayout","1378","Table Layout is a common presentation design that places components into rows and columns."
"q","1378","The Q.js JavaScript promise library. Q catches errors and uses a `then` technique to handle JavaScript callbacks and exceptions. Do *not* use for Angular's $q, use [angular-promise] instead! Also do *not* use for kx System's kdb+/q, use [kdb] or [q-lang] instead! Lastly, this tag should not be used for questions regarding Android 10 - use the [android-10.0] tag instead!"
"pusher","1378","Pusher is a hosted API for quickly, easily and securely adding scalable realtime functionality to web and mobile apps."
"porting","1378","Converting existing code or executables to another programming language, environment, or architecture."
"robots.txt","1378","Robots.txt (the Robots Exclusion Protocol) is a text file placed in the root of a web site domain to give instructions to compliant web robots (such as search engine crawlers) about what pages to crawl and not crawl, as well as other information such as a Sitemap location. In modern frameworks it can be useful to programmatically generate the file. General questions about Search Engine Optimization are more appropriate on the Webmasters StackExchange site."
"python-idle","1377","IDLE is Python's Integrated Development and Learning Environment.  It is part of the standard Python distribution."
"xmlserializer","1377","Serializes and deserializes objects into and from XML documents. The XmlSerializer enables you to control how objects are encoded into XML."
"webpack-4","1377","Use this tag for questions specific to features in Webpack 4. When using this tag, also include the more generic [webpack] tag where possible."
"polling","1376","Polling is actively sampling the status of an external device by a client program as a synchronous activity."
"seam","1376","JBoss Seam is an open source enterprise framework in Java. Because it fulfills some of the missed features of Java technologies such as JavaServer Faces and Enterprise Java Beans, Seam has positioned itself as the prototype for Java EE specifications."
"return-type","1376","is for questions dealing with the type of the variable or value returned by a function."
"portforwarding","1375","Port forwarding or port mapping is a name given to the combined technique of translating the address and/or port number of a packet to a new destination, possibly accepting such packet(s) in a packet filter (firewall), or forwarding the packet according to the routing table."
"class-diagram","1374","UML diagram describing object classes and relations among them."
"flags","1374","Flags are atomic data structures used to identify state in a program."
"asp.net-4.0","1374","This tag refers to the version 4.0 of the ASP.NET web application framework introduced with the .NET Framework 4."
"sql-server-2017","1374","Use this tag for questions specific to the 2017 version of Microsoft's SQL Server. "
"django-channels","1372","Should be used for the django-channels project that brings asynchrony (WebSockets and HTTP2) to django."
"dagger","1372","Dagger is a dependency injection library for Java and Android."
"visio","1372","Visio is a diagramming tool included as part of the Microsoft Office suite, though it is usually acquired separately. It is used to create documents such as flowcharts, organizational charts, network topologies, and software architecture diagrams."
"median","1371","The median is the 'middle' value from a set of values. If the number of values is an even number, the median is the mean of the 'middle' values."
"android-8.0-oreo","1371","Android 8.0 Oreo (API level 26), formerly known as ""Android O""."
"quartz.net","1370","Quartz.NET is an open source job scheduling library for .NET. A job scheduler is a system that is responsible for executing (or notifying) other software components when a predetermined (scheduled) time arrives.  NOTE: this tag is for questions about the .NET version; for Java questions please use [quartz-scheduler] instead."
"rtp","1370","The Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP) defines a standardized packet format for delivering audio and video over IP networks."
"buffer-overflow","1369","Usually occurs when you attempt to copy data into a buffer without checking for sufficient space, causing data to be overwritten in neighboring cells."
"matlab-guide","1369","GUIDE, is a graphical user interfaces (GUI) design environment in MATLAB. This tag relates to the development of MATLAB applications with a GUI using the interactive GUIDE layout editor."
"cryptojs","1368","CryptoJS is a growing collection of standard and secure cryptographic algorithms implemented in JavaScript using best practices and patterns. They are fast, and they have a consistent and simple interface. "
"pyautogui","1368","pyautogui is a cross-platform GUI automation Python module used to programmatically control the mouse and  keyboard."
"arrow-functions","1367","Questions about the compact function syntax in ECMAScript2015 (ES6) called ""arrow functions"" because of their use of ""=>""."
"partition","1367","Use this tag for questions about code that partitions data, memory, virtual machines, databases or disks."
"keydown","1367","""keydown"" is an event used in writing software that is triggered when a key on the keyboard is being pressed. It usually precedes the event ""keyup""."
"silex","1365","Silex is a PHP microframework for PHP >=5.3. It is built on the shoulders of Symfony2 and Pimple and also inspired by Sinatra."
"uistackview","1365","The UIStackView class provides a streamlined interface for laying out a collection of views in either a column or a row. Stack views let you leverage the power of Auto Layout, creating user interfaces that can dynamically adapt to the device’s orientation, screen size, and any changes in the available space. "
"okta","1365","Identity and mobility management."
"jquery-ui-tabs","1364","The Tab widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library"
"status","1363","a summary of the current state of a process, an application, a function or an object, or a response code about the execution of a request or a function (i.e. return code, or error code).  For status bar use the tag statusbar. For http-status "
"perl-module","1362","A Perl module is a reusable portion of Perl code."
"visualforce","1362","Visualforce is Salesforce.com's HTML template technology, allowing dynamic creation of web pages (as well as other files) utilising Apex logic and SOQL queries to replace merge fields with content."
"extbase","1362","Extbase is a TYPO3 CMS extension development framework working closely with TYPO3 Fluid and TYPO3's Extension Builder."
"qwidget","1361","QWidget is key part of the Qt C++ classes. QWidget is the base class of all the user interface elements in the Qt framework."
"fluid","1361","Fluid is a an XML-based templating system for TYPO3. With Fluid, all the code for the view logic moves to the template - e.g. loops, if/else switches and similar."
"multiplayer","1360","The multiplayer tag typically refers to a feature of games software where more than one user can interact with the same instance of the software."
"deep-copy","1359","A deep copy of an object is a separate, fully independent duplicate of that object, such that any references / pointers it holds to other objects refer to deep copies of those to which the original's refer. Use this tag for questions regarding implementing or using deep copying methods."
"idisposable","1359","IDisposable is an interface within the Microsoft .NET Framework's Base Class Library (BCL). It is intended to provide a generic, deterministic method of releasing unmanaged resources within .NET application code."
"rust-cargo","1359","Cargo is the official package manager for the Rust programming language."
"laravel-query-builder","1359","The database query builder provides a convenient, fluent interface to creating and running database queries in Laravel apps. It can be used to perform most database operations in your application, and works on all supported database systems."
"spring-boot-actuator","1357","Spring Boot Actuator is a sub-project of Spring Boot. It adds several production grade services to your application with little effort on your part."
"tic-tac-toe","1357","Tic Tac Toe is a popular exercise for beginning coders, as the finite resources and game mechanics can be easily grasped and represented in many ways. As it is a short game, it is possible to create an algorithm that never loses."
"screen-resolution","1356","The number of distinct pixels in each dimension that the screen can display, usually quoted as width × height with the units in pixels."
"feature-selection","1356","In machine learning, this is the process of selecting a subset of most relevant features to construction your data model. "
"file-rename","1356","rename-file means changing name of a file"
"cherrypy","1356","CherryPy is a pythonic, object-oriented HTTP framework. See cherrypy.dev for more information. Ask for interactive help @ https://gitter.im/cherrypy/cherrypy"
"picker","1355","Synonym of selector or chooser."
"substr","1355","A function/method that returns part of a string. Use [substring] for any questions about substrings that don't specifically involve a function/method named 'substr'."
"has-and-belongs-to-many","1355","A has_many :through association set up a many-to-many connection with another model.   "
"re","1355","Python library that provides regular expression matching operations similar to those found in Perl."
"vuforia","1354","An Augmented Reality Software Development Kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications."
"animated-gif","1354","An animated .GIF image is an image file which displays an animation."
"x++","1354","X++ is the development language used by Microsoft Dynamics AX.   It belongs to the curly brackets and dot-operator class of programming languages (like C# or Java). It is an object-oriented, class-based, single dispatch language. X++ supports garbage collection, and SQL queries are integrated into the language."
"linq-to-objects","1354","The term ""LINQ to Objects"" refers to the use of LINQ queries with any IEnumerable or IEnumerable<T> collection directly, without the use of an intermediate LINQ provider or API such as LINQ to SQL or LINQ to XML."
"durandal","1352","A cross-device, cross-platform client framework written in JavaScript and designed to make building and maintaining Single Page Applications (SPAs) faster and easier."
"mingw-w64","1352","The MinGW-w64 (MinGW fork) project is a complete runtime environment for gcc to produce binaries native to Windows 64-bit and 32-bit operating systems."
"seekbar","1351","Seek bar is a UI control analogous to a slider. In Android, it is an extension of ProgressBar with a draggable thumb."
"kettle","1351","Kettle is a code name for Pentaho Data Integration Community Edition tool. It is an open source GUI-based ETL (Extraction, Transformation, and Loading) tool. "
"plotly-python","1351","Use this tag for questions about the interactive graphing library for Python."
"angular-httpclient","1350","Angular HttpClient is the new HTTP client of Angular since version 4.3 from the @angular/common/http package. It is an upgraded version of the former @angular/http package. Unlike the former deprecation, HttpClient responses can be typed and are JSON parsed automatically. You can also use interceptors on the immutable response and request."
"addition","1350","Addition is a mathematical operation that represents combining collections of objects together into a larger collection. It is signified by the plus sign (+). "
"boost-spirit","1350","Boost.Spirit is a set of C++ libraries for parsing and output generation implemented as Domain Specific Embedded Languages (DSEL) using Expression templates and Template Meta-Programming. The Spirit libraries enable a target grammar to be written exclusively in C++. Inline grammar specifications can mix freely with other C++ code and, thanks to the generative power of C++ templates, are immediately executable. "
"yolo","1349","You Only Look Once (YOLO) is a real-time object detection system written in C. Use this tag for questions about YOLO compilation and installation, usage, and its features and functionality."
"sonarqube-scan","1349","SonarQube Scanners run the analyzers on code. Use this tag for questions related to any of the scanners: SonarQube Scanner for CLI, Maven, Gradle, Jenkins, etc. "
"ubuntu-20.04","1348","Ubuntu 20.04 (Also codenamed Focal Fossa) is a Long Term Support (LTS) release of the Ubuntu operating system. QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED."
"google-fusion-tables","1348","Fusion Tables is Google's product for managing and combining datasets via a web service and Google Drive, and visualizing them in charts and other ways. Fusion Tables was shut down on December 3, 2019, Maps API version 3.37 is the last version that supported Fusion Tables"
"xtext","1346","Use this tag to ask about Eclipse Xtext which is a framework for developing domain specific or general purpose programming languages. "
"fragment-shader","1346","A GPU program used in rendering. It is executed for each sample taken from a rasterized primitive. The output of this process is a number of values and a floating-point depth."
"subtraction","1346","Subtraction is a mathematical operation that represents the removal of an object from a collection."
"image-recognition","1345","Classification of a detected object into different known categories."
"quaternions","1345","Unit quaternions are a mathematical representation of 3D rotations. They have 4 dimensions (one real and 3 imaginary) and can be represented as follows: a + i b + j c + k d  or in terms of axis-angles: q = cos(a/2) + i ( x * sin(a/2)) + j (y * sin(a/2)) + k ( z * sin(a/2))  where: -  a=angle of rotation. -  x,y,z = vector representing axis of rotation. "
"ireport","1345","iReport is a GUI designer for JasperReports and JasperReports Server. iReport Designer allows you to create sophisticated layouts containing charts, images, subreports, crosstabs and much more. You can access your data through JDBC, TableModels, JavaBeans, XML, Hibernate, CSV, and custom sources, then publish your reports as PDF, RTF, XML, XLS, CSV, HTML, XHTML, text, DOCX, or OpenOffice."
"facebook-apps","1344","Apps on Facebook are web apps that are loaded in the context of Facebook."
"webdav","1344","WebDAV (World Wide Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning) is the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) standard for collaborative authoring on the Web. This tag should be used for questions about the WebDAV protocol. Questions involving a software package such as the Apache web server should also contain the tag for that software. Questions should also contain a tag for the operating system as well as any API or library being used."
"google-workspace","1344","Use for questions about Google workspace, a paid solution by Google  for all work place needs. Use in addition to the product in question(eg:[gmail],[google-sheets],[google-apps-script])"
"bloc","1344","BLoC stands for Business Logic Component. The application implementation pattern of using BLoC is called BLoC pattern."
"cache-control","1343","The HTTP `Cache-Control` header specifies directives which override default HTTP caching behaviour."
"file-descriptor","1341","Generally, a file descriptor is an index for an entry in a kernel-resident data structure containing the details of all open files. In POSIX this data structure is called a file descriptor table, and each process has its own file descriptor table. In Microsoft Windows terminology and in the context of the C standard I/O library, ""file handle"" is preferred."
"symbolic-math","1340","Symbolic math tools allows for analytically process mathematical expressions - without the necessity of assigning specific numeric values to variables. "
"slurm","1340","Slurm (formerly spelled SLURM) is an open-source resource manager designed for Linux HPC clusters of all sizes."
"permission-denied","1339","This tag refers to a situation in which you are refused access to a particular system, file, database, etc. that is protected.  The most common cause of this is improper credentials (i.e. usernames, passwords, etc.)"
"verification","1339","Verification checks whether a product complies with specifications and further fixed conditions. "
"memoization","1338","In computing, memoization is an optimization technique used primarily to speed up computer programs by having function calls avoid repeating the calculation of results for previously-processed inputs."
"autofill","1338","Autofill relates to auto-populating data into user interface forms, etc."
"hmac","1338","In cryptography, HMAC (Hash-based Message Authentication Code) is a specific construction for calculating a message authentication code (MAC) involving a cryptographic hash function in combination with a secret key."
"vertica","1338","Vertica is an MPP column-store analytics database that runs on clusters of Linux servers or in the cloud.  The original configuration (Enterprise mode) distributes data and query execution among nodes (typically with duplication).  A newer configuration (Eon mode) separates compute from storage and relies on S3 for storage."
"sf","1338","The motivation behind the `sf` package is to provide a complete, standardized implementation of simple features in R, with links to GDAL, GEOS and Proj.4. There is a also https://gis.stackexchange.com/ for spatial R questions."
"storybook","1337","Storybook is a development environment for JavaScript UI components. It allows you to browse a component library, view the different states of each component (isolated from the rest of your application), and interactively develop and test components."
"ibm-cloud-infrastructure","1337","The ibm-cloud-infrastructure tag refers to all of the IaaS services on IBM Cloud that were previously provided under SoftLayer. These services are now available in the Infrastructure section of the IBM Cloud catalog, which is available at the following URL: https://cloud.ibm.com/classic"
"xilinx","1337","Xilinx is a major brand of Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA) and CPLDs (Complex Programmable Logic Devices)"
"python-tesseract","1337","Python-tesseract is a wrapper class for Tesseract OCR that allows any conventional image files (JPG, GIF, PNG, TIFF, etc.) to be read and get its text, data of text, or even convert it to pdf."
"ormlite","1337","ORMLite is a Java open source software framework that provides lightweight object relational mapping (ORM) between Java classes and SQL databases. It supports JDBC databases as well as Android mobile platform."
"gnome","1336","GNOME is an open source desktop environment. It is composed of many API which form the GNOME Platform, and a set of official applications."
"xlrd","1335","xlrd is a python library to extract data from Microsoft Excel spreadsheet files"
"android-location","1335","android-location refers to the location API provided by the Android framework."
"google-maps-sdk-ios","1335","The new Google Maps SDK for iOS allows users to view and interact with a Google map in your iOS app."
"ssis-2012","1335","Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions. SSIS 2012 is a part of SQL Server 2012 Data Tools"
"32-bit","1334","In computer architecture, 32-bit integers, memory addresses, or other data units are those that are at most 32 bits (4 octets) wide. Also, 32-bit CPU and ALU architectures are those that are based on registers, address buses, or data buses of that size. 32-bit is also a term given to a generation of computers in which 32-bit processors are the norm."
"aspnetboilerplate","1334","Use this tag to ask questions about the previous ASP.NET Boilerplate, a web applications framework. Bug reports and feature requests should be posted to GitHub. For the successor use [tag:abp]  "
"point-cloud-library","1333","The Point Cloud Library (PCL) is a standalone, large scale, open (BSD licensed) project for 3D point cloud processing."
"optaplanner","1332","OptaPlanner is a lightweight, embeddable planning engine written in Java. It helps normal Java programmers solve constraint satisfaction problems efficiently. Under the hood, it combines optimization heuristics and metaheuristics with very efficient score calculation."
"xul","1331","XUL is an XML-based user interface markup language developed by Mozilla. It allows creating native-looking applications and is the base of Mozilla products like Firefox and Thunderbird as well as applications based on the Mozilla XULRunner platform."
"filesize","1331","Use this tag to mark questions related to file sizes on any file system."
"cloudinary","1330","Cloudinary is a cloud-based service offering features and APIs for uploading, storing, managing, and delivering media assets. When delivering assets, optimizations and other transformations can be applied to those assets based on options added to the delivery URLs"
"io-redirection","1330","I/O redirection is used in shell scripting.  This feature enables to take the output of a command and redirect it as an input for another command. Or command can take the input from a file instead of the keyboard. The whole process helps connect commands in various ways. "
"azure-language-understanding","1330","Questions about Language Understanding Intelligence Service (LUIS), an API within Microsoft Cognitive Services that teaches your apps to understand commands from your users."
"gradle-plugin","1329","Gradle is a project build automation tool. A Gradle plugin packages up reusable pieces of build logic, which can be used across many different projects and builds. Gradle allows you to implement your own custom plugins, so you can reuse your build logic, and share it with others."
"restful-url","1329","Representational state transfer (REST) is a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web."
"java.util.concurrent","1328","Java package which contains utility classes commonly useful in concurrent programming. This package includes a few small standardized extensible frameworks, as well as some classes that provide useful functionality and are otherwise tedious or difficult to implement."
"asihttprequest","1328","ASIHTTPRequest, a deprecated and outdated framework to replace NSURLConnection on iOS and OS X."
"ieee-754","1328","IEEE 754 is the most common & widely used floating-point standard, notably the single-precision binary32 aka float and double-precision binary64 aka double formats."
"stdmap","1328","std::map is a class in the C++ Standard Library. It is a sorted associative container that contains key-value pairs with unique keys. Search, removal, and insertion operations have logarithmic complexity. Maps are usually implemented as red-black trees."
"7zip","1327","""7z"" or ""7-Zip"" may refer either to the open-source 7z compression container format or to the file name of the executable program of the same name that is the flagship implementation of the compression format. Both are GPL-licensed and under active development."
"cascade","1327","Cascade refers to a table-definition keyword in relational databases; it instructs the query engine to take a certain action (delete, update), when a primary key is modified, on tables linked by a foreign key."
"html-entities","1327","HTML entities provide a method of entering characters that cannot be expressed in the document's character encoding or that cannot easily be entered on a keyboard."
"tizen","1327","Tizen is an open source, standards-based software platform supported by several device manufacturers for multiple device categories (smartphones, watches, TVs, etc.). Samsung is the main contributor and user of Tizen platform."
"embedded-jetty","1325","Jetty is a widely used web container (server) written in Java and produced by Eclipse."
"at-command","1323","AT Commands are text commands for communicating with a modem. Historically also called Hayes Command Set. For questions about the `at` command line tool use the tag [at-utility]."
"master-detail","1322","A master–detail interface displays a master list and the details for the currently selected item."
"arm64","1322","64-bit ARM architecture, also known as AArch64."
"image-gallery","1322","An image gallery is set up to display multiple images. They can be basic or creative. Basic ones often have a grid layout with all of the images showing at once. More creative ones are often created using javascript and css3 and include animations and transitions."
"python-2.6","1321","For issues that are specific to Python 2.6. If your question applies to Python in general, use the tag [python]."
"sql-execution-plan","1320","A execution, or query plan, is the breakdown of steps the database engine uses to get a result. "
"salt-stack","1320","The Salt Project, previously known as SaltStack, is a Python-based open-source configuration management software and remote execution engine."
"stderr","1319","The standard error output stream (stderr) is typically used by a program to output error messages or diagnostics."
"skype","1319","Skype is a software application by Microsoft that allows users to make voice and video calls over the Internet. It features a Desktop API for external control."
"timing","1319","timing is a numerical measurement of the how long it takes to execute an instruction or series of instructions"
"angle","1319","A shape, formed by two lines or rays diverging from a common point (the vertex)."
"prestashop-1.7","1319","PrestaShop 1.7 is the latest still in development version of the free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, Symfony, with Smarty and Twig templating engines, and MySQL."
"geckodriver","1319","GeckoDriver is Mozilla's WebDriver implementation for the Firefox web browser, and works best with Firefox versions 48 and onwards."
"identityserver3","1318","OpenID Connect Provider and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server Framework based on Katana."
"wordpress-rest-api","1316","The WordPress REST API"
"rectangles","1316","A rectangle is a geometric shape: any quadrilateral with four right angles"
"atl","1315","The Active Template Library (ATL) is a library of C++ class templates provided by Microsoft that simplify the programming of Component Object Model (COM) objects. This tag should be used to indicate questions about the use of ATL. For questions about COM unrelated to ATL use the com tag."
"webmethod","1315","WebMethod is an attribute that is marked to indicate that a function (usually in .NET) in a web service is exposed to the consumers of the web service."
"yesod","1315","Yesod is a Haskell web framework for productive development of type-safe, RESTful, high performance web applications."
"auto-update","1314","Auto-updating is software functionality that allows a program to maintain whether it or the supporting data is up-to-date in an automatic fashion."
"devtools","1313","An R package containing tools to ease the task of software development."
"language-design","1313","A tag for questions related to the design of any aspect of programming languages."
"markup","1313","Markup covers various systems for annotating text with extra information which defines its formatting or appearance. Markup languages include HTML, XML, SGML, and markdown. The markup can typically only be seen when editing a document, not when viewing it."
"ipa","1313",".ipa file type is an iPhone application archive file which stores an iPhone application."
"context-free-grammar","1313","In formal language theory, a context-free grammar (CFG) is a grammar subject to a special constraint: that the left-hand side (LHS) consist of a single non-terminal symbol. CFGs are capable of representing the set of context-free languages (CFLs)."
"react-context","1313","React Context provides a way to pass data through the component tree without having to pass props down manually at every level."
"spring-websocket","1312","A Spring Framework module that support WebSocket-style messaging in web applications (native websocket and with SockJS support), including use of STOMP as an application level WebSocket sub-protocol."
"epoch","1312","Unix time, or POSIX time, is a system for describing points in time, defined as the number of seconds elapsed since midnight Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) of January 1, 1970, not counting leap seconds. This tag is *not* for epochs as used in neural networks/machine learning."
"stomp","1311","STOMP is a simple interoperable protocol designed for asynchronous message passing between clients via mediating servers."
"odp.net","1310","Oracle Data Provider for .NET (ODP.NET) features optimized ADO.NET data access to the Oracle database."
"tinymce-4","1310","TinyMCE is an open source WYSIWYG HTML editor that provides a modern rich text editing experience for web applications. Use this tag for questions regarding the usage of TinyMCE and its integration with CMSs and other web-based applications."
"pcap","1310","pcap (packet capture) consists of an application programming interface (API) for capturing network traffic. The pcap file format is a binary format, and is the de facto standard format for network packet capture."
"gsp","1310","Groovy Server Pages (GSP) is a presentation language for web applications, similar to JSP. GSP allows static and dynamic content to be mixed in the same document. The result is a dynamically generated HTML, XML or other type of document in response to a Web client request."
"django-haystack","1309","Haystack is a modular search app for Django projects. It aims to provide a familiar API for django developers that does not depend on the backend used for searching."
"boost-python","1309","Library for intuitive and tight integration between C++ and Python."
"apache-karaf","1309","Karaf is an enterprise grade OSGi runtime/container, with configurable framework implementation (Equinox, Felix).  Originally the platform ""kernel"" for  FuseSource ESB/ServiceMix it was added as an Apache top level project. "
"spring-tool-suite","1307","Spring Tool Suite (STS) provides the best Eclipse-powered development environment for building Spring-powered enterprise applications. STS supplies tools for all of the latest enterprise Java and Spring, and comes on top of the latest Eclipse releases."
"nsmutabledictionary","1307","NSMutableDictionary is the mutable version of NSDictionary."
"nfs","1307","NFS is an acronym for Network File System, a network file system developed by Sun Microsystems most often associated with the Unix family of operating systems."
"bookmarklet","1306","A bookmarklet is a browser bookmark for a URL using the 'javascript:' protocol. The 'javascript:' prefix is followed by a snippet of JavaScript code. When invoked, instead of navigating to a new page, the script is executed within the context of the current page."
"strtok","1306","strtok() is a Standard C (ISO 9899:1989) function for splitting a string in tokens. strtok_r() is the thread-safe variant defined by IEEE Std 1003.1:2004 (aka ""POSIX"")."
"jquery-file-upload","1306","jQuery File Upload is a blueimp.net widget with multiple file selection, drag&drop support, progress bar and preview images for jQuery."
"postfix-mta","1305","QUESTIONS ABOUT POSTFIX ADMINISTRATION ARE OFF-TOPIC. Server admin questions may be asked on Server Fault. Postfix is a free, open-source, widely used cross-platform mail server (mail transfer agent), available on all common platforms."
"duration","1304","The measure of continuance of any object or event within time."
"elementor","1304","Elementor is a popular WordPress Page Builder plugin that provides Drag and Drop page builder functionality. Add the [wordpress] tag to your question for better visibility."
"access-control","1303","Access control is the process of limiting the access of ability of users or services to certain resources."
"fingerprint","1302","Biometric modality that matches images of finger tips."
"labview","1302","LabVIEW stands for Laboratory Virtual Instrumentation Engineering Workbench and is a graphical programming system by National Instruments. The programming language is called G but often referred to as just LabVIEW."
"spring-webflow","1302","Spring Webflow is a web-app framework which helps to define the page navigation rules in a intuitive, and reusable way."
"appstore-approval","1301","App store approval is off-topic for Stack Overflow. Questions marked with this tag concern the approval process of an iOS or OS X application by Apple before the application is added to the App Store. If this applies to your question, it is very likely off-topic."
"ssrs-tablix","1301","A SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) Tablix Data Region is a control to create lists, tables, and matrices."
"elements","1300","An element of a data structure (such as a set, list, etc) is a single member part of a bigger collection."
"handle","1299","Handle is an abstraction of a resource or a reference to an entity. It can have different implementations: a pointer, an index in a table etc."
"generic-programming","1298","A style of programming in which algorithms are implemented abstracting from concrete data types. Usually referred to strongly typed languages this term is usually treated as creating software which is minimal in terms of data type requirements and can be instantiated for each conforming data type without changing the callee code."
"xcodebuild","1296","Questions related to the use of the command-line xcodebuild tool, which is part of Apple's Xcode toolset"
"worksheet-function","1296","A worksheet function is represented by a keyword in an Excel formula that performs some action on input and returns output to the calling procedure, either a worksheet cell or another function."
"polymorphic-associations","1295","Polymorphic association is a term used in discussions of Object-Relational Mapping with respect to the problem of representing in the relational database domain, a relationship from one class to multiple classes."
"newrelic","1295","New Relic is a web and mobile application performance monitoring service for Ruby, Java, .NET, PHP, Python, Node.js, Go, Android, and iOS apps."
"gradient-descent","1295","Gradient Descent is an algorithm for finding the minimum of a function.  It iteratively calculates partial derivatives (gradients) of the function and descends in steps proportional to those partial derivatives.  One major application of Gradient Descent is fitting a parameterized model to a set of data: the function to be minimized is an error function for the model."
"complex-numbers","1294","Questions about complex numbers (numbers in the form of x + y∙i where i² = -1), types to represent them in programming languages, and libraries to manipulate them"
"sqldatatypes","1294","Concerns data types used with SQL."
"execute","1294","In many dialects of SQL, the execute statement is used to invoke a stored procedure."
"ms-access-2016","1294","Microsoft Access 2016 is a database management system and application development tool."
"php-5.3","1293","PHP 5.3 (now past End of Life) is the successor to PHP 5.2. It was released on June 30, 2009. Use this tag for version-specific issues relating to specifically to PHP 5.3."
"shadow-dom","1292","Shadow DOM, a key part of Web Components, allows you to create component-based apps using a subtree of DOM elements maintained in isolation from the main DOM."
"tabular","1292","Tabular indicates a display format that mimics a table entity."
"slidetoggle","1291","slidetoggle is a function of jQuery which displays or hides the matched elements with a sliding motion."
"strongloop","1291","StrongLoop is an API tier for connecting enterprise data to devices and browsers. It includes LoopBackJS, StrongOps, and StrongNode."
"modalviewcontroller","1291","A modal view controller is a mechanism for managing a modal view, i.e. a view that assumes logical control of the user interface until the modal view is dismissed."
"dbpedia","1291","DBpedia is a community project focused on transforming Wikipedia content in structured data represented using RDF Language statements. In addition to Wikipedia content transformation, it also publishes said content into the World Wide Web, as Linked Open Data, by adhering Linked Data principles. If you are completely new to SPARQL, please consider to ask your question on opendata.stackexchange.com."
"grails-2.0","1291","Grails is a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java. The framework is oriented around high-productivity application development, and uses common Java technologies such as Hibernate and Spring."
"jquery-chosen","1291","Chosen is a JavaScript plugin that makes long, unwieldy select boxes much more user-friendly. It is currently available in both jQuery and Prototype flavors."
"between","1291","The SQL BETWEEN Operator selects values within a range. The values can be numbers, text, or dates. Is possible to select values outside a range using NOT BETWEEN.  The BETWEEN operator can produce different result in different databases: In some databases excludes the test values, in some others include them and in some cases includes the first test value and excludes the last one."
"terraform-provider-azure","1291",""
"laravel-livewire","1291","Livewire is a full-stack framework for Laravel that makes building dynamic interfaces simple, without leaving the comfort of Laravel."
"differential-equations","1290","An equation that relates some unknown function itself and its derivatives of various orders. "
"roblox","1290","Roblox is an online development platform targeted at kids and teens. It was created in 2006. Roblox uses Lua that has been modified by the Roblox team, known as Luau, to support Roblox games, which is fairly simple and easy to use."
"netezza","1289","Netezza is a line of high-performance data warehouse appliances and advanced in-database analytics applications for uses including enterprise data warehousing, business intelligence, and predictive analytics.  In 2010, Netezza became a subsidiary of IBM, and the product was subsequently rebranded as ""PDA”  In 2019 IBM launched a new generation of Netezza/PDA on the CloudPack for data stack. It runs on both cloud and on-prem specialized CP4D hardware."
"nswindow","1289","an apple class that defines objects that manage and coordinate the windows an application displays on the screen"
"angular-dart","1289","AngularDart is a web app framework that focuses on productivity, performance, and stability. "
"w3c","1288","The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is an international community that develops and publishes specifications and guidelines that define technologies like XML, HTML, and CSS."
"identifier","1287","An identifier is a name that identifies either a unique object or a unique class of objects."
"angularjs-routing","1287","Use for ngRoute, the built-in routing module in AngularJS, which can map the browser URL to a defined route."
"elasticsearch-5","1287","Use this tag for version specific questions about Elasticsearch 5.0 - the distributed, RESTful search and analytics engine. When using this tag also include the more generic [elasticsearch] tag where possible."
"okhttp3","1286","An HTTP+HTTP/2 client for Android and Java applications. OkHttp 3 is a major release focused on API simplicity and consistency. "
"m2eclipse","1285","m2eclipse is a Plug-in for the Eclipse IDE that defines Eclipse Project structures by analyzing Maven Project models "
"apt","1285","Debian's Advanced Packaging Tool whose main binary is apt-get. Most questions about APT are off topic for Stack Overflow, unless it is clearly related to a programming tool."
"strtotime","1283","PHP function for parsing about any English textual datetime description into a Unix timestamp"
"multi-touch","1283","multi-touch refers to a touch sensing surface's (trackpad or touchscreen) ability to recognize the presence of two or more points of contact with the surface (Wikipedia)"
"tiles","1282","Apache Tiles renders dynamic websites in a Java Servlet container."
"micronaut","1282","Micronaut is a JVM framework for building web applications with a strong focus on microservice applications."
"uitoolbar","1280","A toolbar is a control that displays one or more buttons, called toolbar items. A toolbar momentarily highlights or does not change the appearance of an item when tapped."
"group-concat","1280","a function which returns a string representation of the concatenated, non-NULL values of a group"
"app-engine-ndb","1280","NDB is a better datastore API for the Google App Engine Python runtime. It provides an improved interface over ext.db, and includes support for parallel processing with coroutines."
"cucumber-jvm","1279","Cucumber-JVM is a Cucumber implementation for the most popular JVM languages. Cucumber-JVM currently supports Java. There are also implementations for the following JVM languages, but as of version 2.1.0, they are unsupported:      Groovy     Scala     Clojure     Jython     JRuby     Rhino JavaScript     Gosu "
"wif","1279","The Windows Identity Foundation is a free Microsoft library that enables claims based authentication and use federated identity/single sign-on in their applications. "
"bson","1279","BSON stands for ""Binary JSON"". It is a computer data interchange format used mainly as a data storage and network transfer format in the MongoDB database."
"tail-recursion","1279","Tail recursion is a recursive strategy in which a function does some amount of work, then invokes itself. The ""tail"" refers to the fact that the recursion is at the very end of the function. Many -- especially functional -- programming language compilers can turn these types of calls into iteration, meaning tail recursion in supported languages can be used without fear of a stack overflow, regardless of the number of calls."
"wcf-security","1277","Questions related to the authentication and authorization services for Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) applications"
"session-timeout","1277","A session timeout occurs when a unique application session (e.g. a web session) expires due to a time limitation placed on the session."
"typeahead.js","1276","typeahead.js is a JavaScript library written by Twitter for computing and displaying suggestions as the user types - for instance, to implement autocomplete functionality"
"dbi","1276","DBI is a database access module for the Perl programming language. It defines a set of methods, variables, and conventions that provide a consistent database interface, independent of the actual database being used. For the equivalent R package, use the tag r-dbi."
"powerbuilder","1275","SAP PowerBuilder — programming language and IDE from SAP (formerly Sybase).  Very popular in the early 90s before being eclipsed by Visual Studio and failing to provide an adequate solution for web applications.  Outside of StackOverflow, the best resource for PowerBuilder help is the Appeon PowerBuilder Community.  Also possibly of interest:  The International Sybase User Group, PowerBuilder Journal"
"imagemagick-convert","1275","The ""convert"" command, from the ImageMagick® software suite is a program to convert between image formats as well as resize an image, blur, crop, despeckle, dither, draw on, flip, join, re-sample, and much more. "
"pymysql","1275","PyMySQL is a database connector for Python like MySQLdb."
"visual-studio-cordova","1275","Visual Studio Tools for Apache Cordova™ makes it easy to build cross platform apps that run on iOS, Android, Windows, and Windows Phone using a single project based on HTML5 and JavaScript."
"cube","1274","Cube or OLAP cube, is a method of storing data in a multidimensional form, generally for reporting purposes. In OLAP cubes, data (measures) are categorized by dimensions. OLAP cubes are often pre-summarized across dimensions to drastically improve query time over relational databases.  Used on the SQL server family of products. "
"redux-toolkit","1274","Redux Toolkit (RTK) is the standard approach for writing Redux logic. It provides utilities to simplify several common Redux use cases, including store setup, defining reducers, immutable update logic, and even creating entire ""slices"" of state at once."
"filebeat","1273","Filebeat is a lightweight, open source shipper for log file data. As the next-generation Logstash Forwarder, Filebeat tails logs and quickly sends this information to Logstash for further parsing and enrichment or to Elasticsearch for centralized storage and analysis."
"beagleboneblack","1273","BeagleBone Black is a community-supported development platform for developers and hobbyists."
"area","1273","Area is a quantity that expresses the extent of a two-dimensional surface or shape, or planar lamina, in the plane."
"audio-player","1273","A software specialized in playing audio of different formats and/or manage audio libraries."
"dql","1272","Doctrine Query Language (DQL) is an Object Query Language created for helping users in complex object retrieval."
"spring-roo","1271","Spring Roo is a lightweight tool aimed at developer productivity.  Via an intuitive command line interface it supports operations such as Java web project creation, persistence configuration and view scaffolding. Roo creates a Java web project that uses the Spring framework, and leverage some best well known practices in Java development such as dependency injection, aspect oriented programming, object/relational mapping (O/RM).  "
"facebook-messenger","1271","Facebook Messenger is an instant messaging service and software application which provides text and voice communication. Integrated with Facebook's web-based Chat feature and built on the open-source MQTT protocol, Messenger lets Facebook users chat with friends both on mobile and on the main website.  Information from : Wikipedia"
"google-cloud-dataproc","1271","Google Cloud Dataproc is a managed Hadoop MapReduce, Spark, Pig and Hive service on Google Cloud Platform. The service provides GUI, CLI and HTTP API access modes for deploying/managing clusters and submitting jobs onto clusters."
"hapijs","1270","Hapi is a rich Node.js framework for building web applications and services. It is a simple to use configuration-centric framework with built-in support for input validation, caching, authentication, and other essential facilities."
"lua-table","1270","This tag refers to the table type in Lua that implements associative arrays."
"unicorn","1270","A unicorn is a magical weaponized HTTP server for Ruby."
"floating-accuracy","1270","Concerning the accuracy of operations performed on floating point numbers."
"data-access-layer","1270","Data access layer is a layer of a computer program which provides simplified access to data stored in persistent storage of some kind, such as an entity-relational database."
"job-scheduling","1269","A job scheduler is a computer application for controlling unattended background program execution (commonly called batch processing)."
"expressionengine","1269","ExpressionEngine is a commercial content management system, written in PHP. Most ExpressionEngine questions will be better asked on the ExpressionEngine StackExchange, unless they involve development (such as developing extensions in PHP)."
"appkit","1267","The Application Kit is a collection of classes provided by OpenStep operating systems such as OPENSTEP, GNUstep, and Mac OS X."
"mkannotation","1266","An Apple protocol, used to provide annotation-related information to a map view"
"nsxmlparser","1266","NSXMLParser is a class of the Foundation Framework of Mac OSX developer library. This class allows developers to parse XML documents (including DTD declarations) in an event-driven manner."
"tf-idf","1266","“Term-frequency ⨉ Inverse Document Frequency”, or “tf-idf”, measures how important a word is to a document in a collection or corpus."
"smartgwt","1265","Smart GWT is a GWT-based framework that allows you to not only utilize its comprehensive widget library for your application UI, but also tie these widgets in with your server-side for data management"
"subview","1265","subview is an abstract representation of a nested hierarchy of views in a MVC framework"
"syncfusion","1265","Use this tag for questions relating to the Syncfusion UI components suite for Web, Desktop, and Mobile Apps. "
"filemaker","1264","FileMaker is a cross-platform (OS X and Windows) database development environment."
"jira-rest-api","1264","JIRA REST APIs are for developers who want to integrate JIRA with other standalone or web applications and administrators who want to script interactions with the JIRA server."
"angular2-nativescript","1264","NativeScript + Angular is an open source framework created by Telerik that makes native mobile app development easier for developers with web-dev background. It enables developers to use Angular to build native mobile applications for iOS and Android."
"react-component","1262","Use this tag for questions regarding React components, one of the basic React concepts."
"swift-playground","1262","Swift Playgrounds are interactive design environments that evaluate code as you write it. Intermediate results of the code are shown in a right-hand pane."
"android-menu","1262","Questions regarding designing, implementing and handling menus and action bars in Android. A menu is a user accessible list of commands that typically provide additional functionality that may not be core to the generally displayed user interface."
"freepascal","1261","Free Pascal is a multi-dialect, multi-platform Object Pascal compiler. Originally started to replace the retired Turbo Pascal compiler, it now attempts to follow the Delphi dialect still being developed by Embarcadero Technologies. It has compiler modes for Delphi, Turbo Pascal and Mac Pascal. It also has two modes for its own superset dialect: One mode with exceptions, classes and interfaces, and mode one without."
"xcode11","1261","This tag should only be used for questions specific to the usage and features of Xcode 11. Do not use this tag just because you are using Xcode to develop your app. General Xcode questions should use the non-version specific xcode tag. Use tags appropriate for the OS such as ios or macos."
"wireless","1260","Wireless refers to the technology allowing transfer of information between two points that are not physically connected. "
"ls","1259","A utility in Unix-like systems such as Linux used for listing files and directories."
"autocad","1259","Drafting and design software."
"uppercase","1259","Uppercase characters are capital letters."
"chef-recipe","1259","A recipe is the most fundamental configuration element in Chef. Recipes specify which resources to manage and the order in which those resources will be applied."
"google-api-python-client","1259","The Google APIs Client Library for Python provides access to for Google's discovery based APIs. It is designed for Python client-application developers and offers simple, flexible, powerful API access."
"bert-language-model","1259","BERT, or Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers, is a method of pre-training language representations which obtains state-of-the-art results on a wide array of Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks. BERT uses Transformers (an attention mechanism that learns contextual relations between words or sub words in a text) to generate a language model. "
"sap-ase","1259","SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (ASE), formerly known as Sybase ASE, is an enterprise-grade RDBMS that uses the T-SQL variant of the SQL language."
"postgresql-9.4","1258","for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.4"
"php-carbon","1258","Carbon is a library written in PHP that extends the native DateTime class"
"android-4.0-ice-cream-sandwich","1257"," Android 4.0 (codename Ice Cream Sandwich) is API level 14 of the mobile operating system developed by Google. This version delivers a refined, unified UI for phones and tablets and introduces innovative features for users and developers.  "
"repaint","1257","Repaint refers to issues relating to re-rendering or redrawing user interface screens or portions of those screens."
"lazarus","1257","Lazarus is an open-source multiplatform RAD environment for the Free Pascal compiler, in the spirit of Delphi, with which it has a fairly high degree of compatibility."
"loopback","1257","In telecommunications, loopback, or a loop, is a hardware or software method which feeds a received signal or data back to the sender."
"dispatcher","1256","In WPF and Silverlight, Dispatcher is an object that is used to execute work on a specific thread.  In another meaning, dispatcher defines an object that receives requests from the client and sends them to any resource (such as a servlet, HTML file, or JSP file) on the server. "
"keytool","1256","Key and Certificate Management Tool: manages a keystore (database) of cryptographic keys, X.509 certificate chains, and trusted certificates."
"void-pointers","1256","A void pointer (void *) in C and C++ is a pointer that points to a memory location with no specified type."
"delete-operator","1256","In the C++ programming language, the delete operator calls the destructor of the given argument, and returns memory allocated by new back to the heap."
"android-ui","1256","In an Android application, the user interface is built using `View` and `ViewGroup` objects. There are many types of views and view groups, each of which is a descendant of the View class. For more information please visit:http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/index.html"
"afnetworking-2","1256","AFNetworking 2.0 is a networking library for iOS 6+ and Mac OS X 10.8+."
"nginx-location","1256","Questions related to nginx location directive should use this tag."
"appcelerator-titanium","1255","Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's Titanium SDK for developing Native Mobile Apps using JavaScript. Please always include the ""appcelerator"" tag as well and do not use the ambiguous ""titanium"" tag."
"laravel-mix","1255","Laravel Mix provides a clean, fluent API for defining basic webpack build steps for your applications. Mix supports several common CSS and JavaScript pre-processors.  "
"uisearchcontroller","1255","The UISearchController class defines an interface that manages the presentation of a search bar. It has attached a search results controller’s content that manages the results of the search."
"django-migrations","1255","Django migrations are a way to apply changes to a database previously created, introduced in Django 1.7. This tool is used when a model is modified (adding a field, deleting a model, etc.) and you need to apply these changes to your database."
"createjs","1254","A suite of Javascript libraries and tools for building rich, interactive experiences with HTML5."
"gxt","1254","GXT, also known as Ext GWT, is a dual licensed component framework that seeks to provide similar functionality to ExtJs for Google Web Toolkit (GWT) applications.   "
"next","1254","Coming immediately after in a sequence; subsequent. Often refers to iterators that provide next() and hasNext() methods. Please, do not use this tag for Next.js related questions (use [next.js] instead)."
"unique-constraint","1254","Unique-constraint is an index that sets one or multiple fields to be unique in a data entity"
"checkstyle","1254","Checkstyle is a static analysis tool for checking compliance of Java code to standards. It can be configured with various sets of coding standards. It is integrated in various other tools, such as IDEs (like Eclipse, NetBeans or IntelliJ), Maven, Gradle, or the continuous inspection platform SonarQube."
"chmod","1254","chmod is a linux/unix command. It stands for ""change mode"". This command is used change the permissions of directories and files. "
"factorial","1253","In mathematics, the factorial of a non-negative integer n, denoted by n!, is the product of all positive integers less than or equal to n."
"hpc","1253","High Performance Computing (HPC) refers to the use of supercomputers and computer clusters to solve a wide range of computationally intensive problems."
"zoo","1253","zoo is an R package that provides an S3 class with methods for totally ordered indexed observations."
"clickhouse","1253","ClickHouse is an open-source column-oriented DBMS for real time analytical reporting which has Capability to store and process petabytes of data."
"activiti","1252","Activiti is a workflow and Business Process Management (BPM) engine. Its core is a BPMN 2 process engine for Java. It's open-source and distributed under the Apache 2 license. "
"powermockito","1251","Use this tag for questions about PowerMockito, a Java Framework that allows the mocking of usually un-mockable types, i.e. statics, and private methods, in conjunction with the Mockito framework. Questions about using PowerMock with EasyMock should be tagged [powermock] instead."
"openedge","1249","Progress OpenEdge is an application development platform from Progress Software Corporation"
"anova","1249","ANOVA is an acronym for ""analysis of variance"". It is a widely used statistical technique to analyze the source of variance within a data set."
"stock","1248",""
"leiningen","1248","Leiningen is a build automation and dependency management tool for Clojure projects"
"properties-file","1247","A .properties file is either a simple text file or an XML file containing pairs of keys and values. Java and related technologies frequently use .properties files to store configuration information."
"enterprise-architect","1247","Enterprise Architect is a UML analysis and design tool by Sparx Systems. It covers aspects of software, business and systems modeling and design and is suitable for requirements gathering through analysis, design, construction, build, debug, simulation, testing, change management and maintenance to implementation, with full traceability.   Use the tag ""enterprise"" if you try to tag general enterprise architecture."
"android-tv","1247","Android TV is a smart TV platform running the Android operating system. It provides an interactive television experience by overlaying user interface on top of existing television programming. Use android-tv for questions specifically on the TV platform and not for general Android questions."
"dbus","1247","D-Bus is a message bus system, which allows client programs to call procedures on a service - basically, the machine-local equivalent to XML-RPC and SOAP."
"publishing","1245","Releasing software to users. This may include releasing compiled binaries on a hardware medium, for download, or permitting access to a non-development web service."
"spring-rest","1245","Use this tag for question about the REST architectural style used in Spring framework"
"absolute","1244","In CSS, the `absolute` value of the `position` property will cause an element to be positioned relative to its first non-static parent element."
"addclass","1244","addClass is a method on jQuery objects that adds a CSS class to the selected elements."
"angularjs-controller","1244","The AngularJS controller exposes the data that is to be displayed into the HTML view. It plays the essential role of the ModelView in the MVVM design pattern.  The view is a part of the HTML template. "
"assignment-operator","1243","The operator used when one object is assigned to another"
"raspberry-pi2","1243","RPI QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED. The Raspberry Pi 2 is a quad-core, ARMv7 instruction set CPU with 1GB of RAM.   See the related StackExchange site at https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com. Also see the first edition's tag at https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/raspberry-pi ."
"calculation","1243",""
"assertion","1242","An assertion is a software construct where the developer states (""asserts"") a condition that he believes will always be true.  If the condition evaluates to false in some languages an exception is thrown, in others a message is printed, and in others the program ceases to operate. "
"libsvm","1242","LIBSVM is a library for Support Vector Machines"
"expand","1242","Expand: as in collapsible views. They take more area, and give full detail, links, composite view, only when expanded. These can be Tree-View, Hide-able divisions, Popup-up screens, Combo-boxes and so on."
"httphandler","1242","HttpHandlers are classes that implement the IHttpHandler and IHttpAsyncHandler interfaces. This section describes how to create and register HttpHandlers and provides examples of a synchronous handler, an asynchronous handler, and a handler factory."
"openmpi","1240","Open MPI is an open source implementation of the Message Passing Interface, a library for distributed memory parallel programming."
"jquery-masonry","1240","Masonry is a dynamic grid layout plugin for jQuery"
"pyaudio","1239","PyAudio provides Python bindings for PortAudio, the cross-platform  audio I/O library. "
"slickgrid","1239","SlickGrid is a specialized JavaScript grid/spreadsheet component optimized for high performance, even with many thousands of rows of underlying data."
"prefix","1239","A prefix is a part of a word attached to a beginning of a word which modifies the meaning of that stem."
"nopcommerce","1238","Open source E-commerce Shopping Cart Solution based on ASP.NET MVC and  Entity Framework.  Notable differentiators are multi-store and multi-vendor capabilities."
"expression-blend","1238","Expression Blend is a visual design tool used to create WPF, Silverlight, and Windows Phone 7 application user interfaces."
"script","1238","DON'T USE THIS TAG! Every SO question is about scripts one way or another. Use appropriate tags like [bash], [javascript], [google-apps-script] or [python] instead. Your question might not be visible to potential answerers, if you don't use a specific tag. "
"go-gorm","1237","GORM is an ORM library for the programming language Go, developed by jinzhu."
"netflix-zuul","1237","Zuul is an edge service that provides dynamic routing, monitoring, resiliency, security, and more."
"hortonworks-data-platform","1235","Hortonworks Data Platform (HDP) is a distribution of an open-source Apache Hadoop data platform containing a set of projects on top of the HDFS and YARN as core layer of Hadoop. In January 2019 Hortonworks Inc merged with Coudera Inc, new company name is Cloudera Inc (NYSE: CLDR)."
"sha","1235","SHA (Secure Hash Algorithm) is a family of digest algorithms (i.e. cryptographic hashes), i.e. checksum functions that are hard to forge. The recommended digest algorithms these days are SHA-1 and SHA-2 (which covers both SHA-256 and SHA-512). MD5 is a deprecated alternative."
"ear","1235","An Enterprise Archive, or EAR, is a file format used by Java EE for packaging one or more modules into a single archive so that the deployment of the various modules onto an application server happens simultaneously and coherently."
"ole","1235","OLE Automation, is an inter-process communication mechanism based on Component Object Model (COM)."
"restlet","1234","Restlet Framework is an open source framework for Java (and JavaScript) to expose and consume RESTful web APIs. It has editions for Java SE, Java EE, OSGi, GAE, GWT and Android."
"scons","1234","SCons is a cross platform, open source build tool and an alternative to the classic ""Make"". It works based on a declarative description of a build, using the Python programming language. "
"projects-and-solutions","1234","Some IDEs organize code and resources into projects and solutions, usually in a directory-based hierarchy. This can also be done manually."
"sign","1234","A digital signature is a mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document."
"angularjs-filter","1234","Selects a subset of items from array and returns it as a new array."
"mesos","1234","Apache Mesos is a cluster manager that provides an efficient, scalable, and robust way to share resources (CPUs, memory, disk, ports, et.) across frameworks or applications that are distributed across a cluster of machines. Mesos can be thought of as a kernel for the data center that provides a unified view of resources on all nodes and seamless access to these resources."
"mosquitto","1233","An Open Source MQTT v5/v3.1/v3.1.1 Broker"
"insert-update","1233","A mixed flavour of data entry mode and data modification mode. It can be used when insert is required for case of non-existing data and modification if data exists."
"lines","1233","This tag can refer to rows of characters in text output or input, or to the shortest distance between two points."
"named-entity-recognition","1232","Named-entity recognition (NER) (also known as entity identification and entity extraction) is a subtask of information extraction that seeks to locate and classify atomic elements in text into predefined categories such as the names of persons, organizations, locations, expressions of times, quantities, monetary values, percentages, etc."
"spring-ws","1231","Spring Web Services is a product of the Spring community focused on creating document-driven Web services. Spring Web Services aims to facilitate contract-first SOAP service development, allowing for the creation of flexible web services using one of the many ways to manipulate XML payloads."
"mainframe","1229","The mainframe tag refers to the class of ""big iron"" computers, primarily those from IBM. Currently this is limited to the IBM Z hardware, typically running z/OS, z/VM, z/VSE, z/TPF, or a distribution of Linux on IBM Z as its operating system."
"android-tabs","1229","android-tabs refers to the interface for the tabbed window view of an Android device"
"webmatrix","1227","Microsoft WebMatrix consists of a basic IDE bundled with a simple but powerful SQL database  and a lightweight web server.  WebMatrix is no longer recommended as an integrated development environment for ASP.NET Web Pages. Use Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code."
"android-broadcast","1227","A broadcast intent on the Android platform is a special intent which is often invoked by the system on an event and catched by a BroadcastReceiver."
"microphone","1227","A microphone is an acoustic-to-electric transducer or sensor that converts sound into an electrical signal."
"disk","1227","Anything related to disk-like storage media, like hard-disks, CDs, DVDs, etc. By extension it could be applied to other mass storage media that are commonly referred as ""disks"", like SSD, flash cards, etc."
"spring-data-elasticsearch","1226","Spring Data makes it easier to build Spring-powered applications that use new data access technologies such as non-relational databases, map-reduce frameworks, and cloud based data services as well as provide improved support for relational database technologies."
"react-hook-form","1226","React form library using hooks"
"android-architecture-navigation","1226","The Navigation Architecture Component provides a framework for in-app navigation for Android apps."
"android-collapsingtoolbarlayout","1225","CollapsingToolbarLayout is a wrapper for Toolbar that provides several visual effects that are bind to the content scroll events."
"rhino-mocks","1225","Rhino.Mocks is a dynamic mock object framework for the .NET platform. Rhino.Mock's purpose is to ease testing by allowing the developer to create mock implementations of custom objects and verify the interactions using unit testing."
"evaluation","1225","Anything related to evaluation of expressions, i.e. the process used to determine the value of expressions in a running program."
"base","1224","A number whose powers are used to represent other numbers (e.g. base 10 = decimal representation)"
"uiactivityviewcontroller","1224","The UIActivityViewController class is a standard view controller that you can use to offer various services from your application (on iOS)."
"rubymine","1224","RubyMine is a commercial cross-platform IDE for Ruby and Ruby on Rails development, created and provided by JetBrains."
"amazon-aurora","1224","Amazon Aurora is a MySQL and PostgreSQL compatible relational database management system (RDBMS) that combines the speed and availability of high-end commercial databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open source databases."
"snakemake","1224","Snakemake is a workflow management system with a Python-style specification language."
"fastlane","1223","fastlane is a Continuous Delivery solution for mobile apps. It consists of several tools to automate the various aspects of your deployment pipeline"
"dst","1223","DST is the tag for Daylight Saving Time issues.  DST, also known as summer time, starts when a time zone shifts its clocks forward (in the spring), and ends when the clocks shift back (in the fall)."
"shiro","1223","Apache Shiro is a Java security framework that performs authentication, authorization, cryptography, and session management."
"designer","1222","a visualized UI creating tool (commonly windows forms creators)"
"rfid","1221","RFID is short for Radio Frequency IDentification. RFID systems consist of tags (physical markers that contain information) and readers (that can enumerate tags and read information from them, and in some systems, write information to them). RFID is typically used to identify (and obtain information about) products and equipment marked with RFID tags."
"attr","1221","This tag should be used for attribute related issues."
"windows-server-2003","1221","Windows Server 2003 (sometimes referred to as Win2K3) is a server operating system produced by Microsoft, introduced on 24 April 2003."
"waterline","1221","Waterline is an adapter-based ORM for Node. It is included with the Sails.js framework."
"achartengine","1221","A charting software library for Android applications by Dan Dromereschi."
"apache-fop","1220","Apache FOP is a document rendering engine that implements the W3C XSL-FO 1.1 Specification."
"lattice","1220","lattice is a package that forms part of base R and allows the creation of trellis-type graphics."
"sharing","1220","Use tag 'share' instead. Tag 'share' is for questions about sharing resources in (local, and social) networks."
"office365api","1220","The Office 365 API lets developers build apps that use data stored within Office365. These can be stand-alone apps or plugins within the Office365 web apps."
"toad","1219","Toad is a database query tool from Quest Software. There are versions of Toad that can query Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL and more. It provides query editing & reporting, debuggers, performance analyzers and many other tools."
"git-clone","1219","Obtains a local copy of a remote Git repository."
"struts-1","1219","The Apache Struts web framework is a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications. The Struts framework is designed to help developers create web applications that utilize a MVC architecture. "
"unobtrusive-validation","1219","Unobtrusive Validation refers to a jQuery plugin created by Microsoft used in conjunction with the jQuery Validate plugin. It is shipped with ASP.NET MVC 3."
"phone-call","1218","Phone calls are a method of transferring real-time two-way voice information over large distances."
"case-sensitive","1218","An operation is case sensitive when uppercase and lowercase characters are treated differently."
"network-protocols","1217","A network protocol defines rules and conventions for communication between network devices. "
"data-migration","1217","Data Migration is the movement of data from one location to another and can happen in many forms and many systems.  One example of data migration is copying data from one database to another."
"quartz-graphics","1217","Quartz is graphic framework used on Mac OS X. It forms a graphic layer. Term Quartz is used to represent Quartz 2D and Quartz Compositor. Quartz graphic is a 2D renderer in Core Graphics. "
"tensorflow-serving","1217",""
"aws-codepipeline","1216","AWS CodePipeline is a continuous delivery service for fast and reliable application updates. CodePipeline builds, tests, and deploys your code every time there is a code change, based on the release process models you define."
"mouselistener","1216","A Listener Object that reacts to events triggered from a Mouse input device"
"strip","1216","""strip"" refers to the process of removing (stripping) certain characters from a string.  A common example is removing trailing whitespace characters."
"account","1215","Account allows a user to authenticate (does not imply authorization) to system services and be granted authorization to access them;. To log into an account, a user is typically required to authenticate oneself with a password or other credentials for the purposes of accounting, security, logging, and resource management."
"event-log","1215","An event log is a file used to record a timeline of events along with contextual metadata "
"layout-inflater","1214","The layout-inflater tag refers to the Android LayoutInflater class which is used to build a view hierarchy from an xml layout file."
"authorize.net","1214","Authorize.Net is a popular payment gateway used to process credit card transactions."
"android-tablelayout","1213","The TableLayout is one of the layouts on the Android platform that arranges its children into rows and columns."
"bundling-and-minification","1212","Bundling and minification are used to optimize web content by reducing the number of requests to the server and as well as the size of requested assets (such as CSS and JavaScript)."
"biopython","1212","Biopython is a set of freely available tools for biological computation written in Python. Please only use this tag for issues relating to the Biopython suite of tools."
"jtree","1212","Java Swing component that displays a set of hierarchical data as an outline."
"power-automate","1211","Microsoft Power Automate (formerly Microsoft Flow) is a business workflow automation tool. Use this tag for questions about issues or questions regarding building/designing Power Automate workflows, configuring them to work with additional applications in the MS Power suite, or with other MS products like Office or SharePoint. DO NOT use this tag for questions about license issues with Power Automate"
"spi","1210","Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI) is a serial, synchronous bus commonly used in embedded systems. It is most often used for communication between a microcontroller and peripheral hardware such as memories, shift registers, sensors, displays etc, but can also be used for MCU to MCU communication."
"wai-aria","1210","WAI-ARIA, the Web Accessibility Initiative - Accessible Rich Internet Applications specification suite, defines a way to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities. It especially helps with dynamic content and advanced user interface controls developed with AJAX, HTML, JavaScript, and related technologies."
"launch","1209","The definition of a launch is an event at which something, such as an application/program is started."
"multicore","1208","Multicore programming covers techniques for making programs run in parallel, by exploiting hardware with multiple processing cores."
"maven-surefire-plugin","1208","The Surefire Plugin is used during the test phase of the build lifecycle to execute the unit tests of an application. It is commonly used in continuous integration."
"huawei-mobile-services","1208","Use this tag for programming questions relating to HMS Core. HMS Core is an assortment of open device and cloud capabilities provided by Huawei Mobile Services (HMS). Noteworthy capabilities include: Account Kit, In-App Purchases (IAP), Push Kit, Game Service, Location Kit, Map Kit, Ads Kit, and ML Kit."
"xna-4.0","1207","Version 4.0 (Final) of Microsoft's XNA Framework. If you use this tag, please also include the main tag XNA."
"smtpclient","1207","on .NET Framework , allows applications to send e-mail by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)"
"chess","1207","This tag is for the game of Chess and problems getting computers to play it."
"cytoscape.js","1206","Cytoscape.js is a JavaScript graph theory / network library for analysis and visualisation (Compatible with CommonJS/Node.js/Browserify/Webpack, AMD/Require.js, jQuery, npm, Bower, jspm, Meteor/Atmosphere, and plain JS/JavaScript)"
"java-ee-7","1206","Use this tag for questions relating specifically to Java Enterprise Edition 7."
"matplotlib-basemap","1205","The matplotlib basemap toolkit is a library for plotting 2D data on maps in Python. It is similar in functionality to the matlab mapping toolbox, the IDL mapping facilities, GrADS, or the Generic Mapping Tools. PyNGL and CDAT are other libraries that provide similar capabilities in Python."
"fancybox-2","1205","Version 2.0 of the 'fancybox' tool. It is a completely rewritten plugin with new features and updated graphics."
"avcapturesession","1205","iPhone - To perform a real-time or offline capture, you instantiate an AVCaptureSession object and add appropriate inputs (such as AVCaptureDeviceInput), and outputs (such as AVCaptureMovieFileOutput). "
"glm-math","1204","GLM is a C++ math library designed to mimic the OpenGL Shading Language's math functions and types (vectors, matrices) as closely as possible."
"osx-elcapitan","1204","Twelfth major release of OS X (10.11)"
"unsigned","1203","An unsigned variable is a variable that can only represent non-negative numbers."
"textinput","1202","For questions related to a single-line, text input. EG: `<input type=""text"" ...>`, or a UITextField, or TextInput (Flash), or `<textinput>` (RSS). ...  Use textarea for multiline or WYSIWYG text controls. "
"swashbuckle","1202","Swashbuckle is an open source framework which adds Swagger and Swagger-ui to ASP.NET Web API projects."
"sklearn-pandas","1201","Python module providing a bridge between Scikit-Learn’s Machine Learning methods and pandas-style DataFrames"
"fluentvalidation","1201","Fluent Validation is an ASP.NET MVC integrated validation framework that allows the developer to set validation rules using expressions. It is testable and completely compatible with the inversion of control (dependency injection) pattern and TDD (test-driven development) technique."
"openssh","1201","OpenSSH is the most widespread and de-facto standard implementation of SSH protocol. Both server and client tools are included."
"xmldocument","1201","The original .NET type that represents an XML document. The more modern version is XDocument."
"ref","1200","The ref keyword causes an argument to be passed by reference, not by value. The effect of passing by reference is that any change to the parameter in the method is reflected in the underlying argument variable in the calling method. The value of a reference parameter is always the same as the value of the underlying argument variable."
"nagios","1200","Nagios (now known as Nagios Core) is a open source monitoring solution. It offers monitoring and alerting services for servers, switches, applications and services. "
"emr","1200","Questions relating to Amazon's Elastic MapReduce (EMR) product."
"cloudant","1199","IBM Cloudant is a fully managed database service for hybrid multicloud applications — built on open source Apache CouchDB with a fully compatible API. Sync data to any cloud or to the edge."
"hikaricp","1199","HikariCP is a high-performance JDBC connection pool library."
"flatten","1199","Flattening refers to either reducing a multi-dimensional array to a single dimension or to reducing a class and class methods to handle based function calls."
"objective-c++","1199","Objective-C++ is the union of the Objective-C and C++ syntax sets."
"subroutine","1199","A subroutine (e.g. procedure or subprogram) is a portion of code within a larger program, which performs a specific task and can be relatively independent of the remaining code. The syntax of many programming languages includes support for creating self contained subroutines, and for calling and returning from them.  They are in many ways similar to functions, but usually have side-effects outside of the simple ""return value"" that functions return."
"zabbix","1199","Zabbix is a free, open-source monitoring tool for diverse IT components, such as networks, servers, VM and cloud services. Zabbix provides metrics, such as network utilization, CPU load and disk usage consumption. The software monitors operations on Linux, HP-UX, Mac OS X, Solaris and Windows via agents installed on machines with a centralised server. It includes enterprise class features that can scale to support monitoring on thousands of servers."
"ntlm","1199","NTLM (NT LAN Manager) is a suite of Microsoft security protocols that provides authentication, integrity, and confidentiality to users."
"ksoap2","1198","A lightweight and efficient SOAP engine suitable for J2ME or constrained java devices."
"cumulative-sum","1198","For questions regarding implementations or algorithms for calculating cumulative sums (also known as running totals). Always add the tag for the language/platform!"
"bezier","1197","A Bézier curve is a parametric curve frequently used in computer graphics and related fields. Generalizations of Bézier curves to higher dimensions are called Bézier surfaces, of which the Bézier triangle is a special case."
"curve","1197","In mathematics, a curve (also called a curved line in older texts) is, generally speaking, an object similar to a line but which is not required to be straight."
"subsonic","1197","SubSonic is A Super High-fidelity Batman Utility Belt that works up your Data Access (using Linq in 3.0), throws in some much-needed utility functions, and generally speeds along your dev cycle."
"shutdown","1197","This refers to the process where the system state is systematically (and preferably gracefully) changed to the fully inactive state. Usually applied to complex systems, such as database, server program, operating system, virtual machine, physical computer and the like. Bypassing the shutdown procedure (immediate termination) may cause data loss or other problems."
"restful-architecture","1196","RESTful, or representational state transfer, is a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web."
"node-webkit","1196","NW.js (formerly node-webkit) is an app runtime based on Chromium and Node.js. You can write native apps in HTML and JavaScript with node-webkit. It also lets you call Node.js modules directly from the DOM and enables a new way of writing native applications with all Web technologies."
"mnist","1195","MNIST is a database of handwritten digits collected by Yann Lecun and widely used in machine learning research."
"gridbaglayout","1195","The GridBagLayout is a flexible Java Swing layout manager that aligns components vertically, horizontally or along their baseline without requiring that the components be of the same size. Each GridBagLayout object maintains a dynamic, rectangular grid of cells, with each component occupying one or more cells, called its display area."
"rxjs6","1195","RxJS6 is version 6 of Reactive Extensions for JavaScript, with some added changes in websocket, testing and bug fixes."
"httpserver","1194","An HTTP Server is any application which receives requests via the HTTP protocol and sends back the corresponding response to fulfill the request."
"android-sdk-tools","1194","SDK Tools is a downloadable component for the Android SDK. It includes the complete set of development and debugging tools for the Android SDK."
"dynamics-ax-2012","1194","Microsoft Dynamics AX is one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products. It is part of the Microsoft Dynamics family.  The early versions (from 1.0 to 3.0) were called Axapta, while the later versions (from 3.0 SP6 to AX 2012) are called Dynamics AX."
"uitapgesturerecognizer","1193","UITapGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for single or multiple taps."
"retina-display","1192","Retina display is a trademark used by Apple for displays claimed to have pixel density so high that the eye would not be able to notice pixelation. The term is used for several models of the iPod touch, iPhone, iPad, and MacBook Pro."
"chromium-embedded","1192","The Chromium Embedded Framework (CEF) is a simple framework for embedding Chromium-based browsers in other applications."
"fiware","1192","FIWARE is an open cloud-based infrastructure for creation and delivery of Internet applications and services."
"comparable","1192","In Java, this interface is implemented by a class to indicate that it can be compared to another object and therefore ordered. "
"flickr","1191","Use this tag for questions about the public API provided by Flickr, a photo/video sharing website Photos are tagged with metadata, such as tags, geolocation, and Exif data, which can all be accessed through the API. (For non-programming questions, contact Flickr customer support.)"
"recommendation-engine","1190","For questions relating to recommendation engines, collaborative filtering, and personalization.  Questions tend to be algorithmic or statistical in nature."
"local-variables","1190","Local variables have a limited scope, generally one function or one functional block."
"paypal-rest-sdk","1190","PayPal's REST SDK allows developers to create, process and manage payments using PayPal's REST APIs."
"spring-rabbit","1190","Spring components for AMQP-based messaging with RabbitMQ."
"suitescript","1190","SuiteScript is a JavaScript-based API that gives developers the ability to extend NetSuite beyond the capabilities provided through SuiteBuilder point-and-click customization."
"docker-volume","1189","A docker data volume is a specially-designated directory within one or more containers that bypasses the Union File System."
"hololens","1189","Applicable for all questions related to development for Microsoft HoloLens devices and the Mixed Reality platform."
"google-search-console","1189","Use this tag for programming questions regarding the usage of Google Search Console tools and reports. Non-programming questions related to your website are better asked on https://webmasters.stackexchange.com"
"userscripts","1189","Use the Tampermonkey tag if running Tampermonkey or Violentmonkey, use the ""Greasemonkey-4"" tag if running that engine on Firefox.  For all other engines, or multi-engine scripts, use the ""Userscripts"" tag.  Userscripts primarily refers to JavaScript extensions for web browsers, used to automate or customize actions, the layout, or other aspects of the user experience."
"lotusscript","1188","LotusScript is a dialect of the BASIC programming language used by Lotus Notes and other IBM Lotus Software products"
"immutable.js","1188","Immutable.js provides Persistent Immutable List, Stack, Map, OrderedMap, Set, OrderedSet and Record. They are highly efficient on modern JavaScript VMs (browser and nodejs) by using structural sharing via hash maps tries and vector tries as popularized by Clojure and Scala, minimizing the need to copy or cache data."
"ios14","1187","Use for questions specific to Apple's iOS 14 mobile operating system, released in 2020. General iOS questions should use the [ios] tag."
"mschart","1187","This tag refers to the System.Windows.Forms.DataVisualization.Charting and System.Web.ui.datavisualization.charting Namespaces, used to create controls for charting using the .NET framework."
"google-api-dotnet-client","1187","The Google APIs Client Library for .NET is a generic .NET runtime client for Google Services. It supports OAuth2.0 authentication, and is able to generate strongly typed client libraries for Discovery-based services."
"apache-tika","1186","The Apache Tika™ toolkit detects and extracts metadata and structured text content from various documents using existing parser libraries."
"key-value-observing","1186","Key-value Observing or KVO is a technology for observing changes in object properties."
"scrolltop","1186","The scrollTop method.  An element's scrollTop is a measurement of the distance of an element's top to its topmost visible content."
"spring-cloud-dataflow","1186","Spring Cloud Data Flow is a toolkit for building data integration and real-time data processing pipelines.   Pipelines consist of Spring Boot apps, built using the Spring Cloud Stream or Spring Cloud Task microservice frameworks. This makes Spring Cloud Data Flow suitable for a range of data processing use cases, from import/export to event streaming and predictive analytics."
"camera-calibration","1185","In Computer Vision, camera-calibration is the process of finding the true parameters of the camera that produced a given photograph or video. Usually, the camera parameters are represented in a 3 × 4 matrix called the camera matrix."
"service-accounts","1185","The Google OAuth 2.0 endpoint supports server-to-server interactions such as those between a web application and Google Cloud Storage."
"websphere-8","1185","Version 8.x of IBM WebSphere Application Server (WAS)"
"keyevent","1185","An event that is triggered when a key is pressed,released or remains pressed on a keyboard input device."
"xargs","1184","xargs is a command on Unix and most Unix-like operating systems used to build and execute command lines from standard input."
"friendly-url","1184","A friendly URL is a website address that does not contain a query string or complex strings in the URI, instead relying on a human-readable, SEO-friendly resource path after the website authority (e.g. https://www.stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/friendly-url)."
"fullpage.js","1184","jQuery plugin and Javascript library used to create full screen scrolling websites"
"spring-annotations","1184","A common placeholder for issues related to the use of annotations with the Spring framework"
"unpivot","1182","UNPIVOT describes a Query Language feature of some Relational Databases. The UNPIVOT feature converts columnar data into row data, and vice versa for the PIVOT feature."
"haskell-stack","1182","Questions about the Stack, a build tool for the Haskell language. Do not use this tag for general Haskell questions that do not involve Stack."
"es6-class","1181","This tag is for questions regarding Classes in Ecmascript 6. The tag is only for classes provided in the Ecmascript version."
"embedding","1181","An embedding is one instance of some structure contained within another instance, such as a group that is a subgroup."
"mahout","1181","Apache Mahout open source scalable machine learning project"
"cairo","1181","Cairo is a software library used to provide a vector graphics-based, device-independent API for software developers."
"dynamics-crm-online","1181","Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online is a Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft Corporation. It was offered under this name between December 2007 and September 2018 (version number 4 until version number 8.1), before it was integrated into the Dynamics 365 product family and marketed as Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement (for questions regarding this more recent product, please see the related tag)."
"phone-number","1180","A telephone number or phone number is a sequence of digits used to call from one telephone line to another in a public switched telephone network(PSTN). When telephone numbers were invented, they were short — as few as one, two or three digits — and were given orally to a switchboard operator. As phone systems have grown and interconnected to encompass the world, telephone numbers have become longer. "
"orbeon","1179","Orbeon Forms is a solution to build and deploy web forms and comes with Orbeon Form Builder, an open source web-based form designer. Use this tag for technical questions such as scripting issues, form behavior, etc. Non-technical questions should be directed to the Orbeon community at the official site."
"normal-distribution","1179","The normal distribution is an assumption of many parametric statistical tests, and is typically associated with a Gaussian distribution, often with mean=0 and standard deviation=1.  The ""bell curve"" is the visual, intuitive model for this distribution.  Gaussian distributions are associated with the function: f(x) = [1/(σ√2π)] e^(-[(x-μ)^2]/(2σ^2 )) "
"cpython","1179","The reference implementation of the Python programming language. Use this tag for questions specific to this implementation, general Python questions should just be tagged with ""python""."
"memorystream","1178","A memory stream is a kind of stream that has several methods to access and store data in memory. "
"dimensions","1178","Dimensions of an array define its size and shape -- the arangement of elements in the array. Use this Tag for questions regarding the shape of arrays."
"completable-future","1178","In Java 8, a Future that may be explicitly completed (setting its value and status), and may include dependent functions and actions that trigger upon its completion. "
"airflow-scheduler","1177","The Apache Airflow scheduler monitors all tasks and all DAGs, and triggers the task instances whose dependencies have been met, and Apache Airflow is a platform to programmatically author, schedule and monitor workflows."
"client-certificates","1177","X.509 certificates for client authentication during TLS handshake."
"android-listfragment","1177","ListFragment is one of the specialized Fragment classes which has, by default, a ListView as its content view."
"bitbake","1177","BitBake is a simple tool for the execution of tasks. It is derived from Portage, which is the package management system used by the Gentoo Linux distribution. It is most commonly used to build packages, and is used as the basis of the OpenEmbedded project."
"joomla1.5","1176","Joomla! is a free and open-source web content management system written in PHP. It is released under the GNU General Public License. This tag is for programming-specific questions referring to version 1.5."
"rdp","1176","Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) is a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft, which provides a user with a graphical interface to another computer."
"electron-builder","1175","Electron Builder is an open source solution for distribution and auto-update of Electron NPM apps.  Use this tag on questions about a) using Electron Builder to distribute or update an Electron app, or b) working with the Electron Builder project source."
"intrinsics","1174","Intrinsics functions are used in compiled languages to use specific CPU instructions outside the scope of the language."
"qtableview","1174","QTableView is a Qt class providing a default model/view implementation of a table view."
"vim-plugin","1174","The Vim text editor is extensible through plugins, which can be categorized into general utilities, color schemes, file type-specific settings, and syntax definitions."
"cgal","1173","The Computational Geometry Algorithms Library (CGAL) is a software library that aims to provide easy access to efficient and reliable algorithms in computational geometry. "
"crossfilter","1172","Crossfilter is a JavaScript library for exploring large multivariate datasets in the browser."
"android-alarms","1172","Android alarms is the facility provided by Android through AlarmManager to start an intent at a given time (by passing a pending intent)."
"webdeploy","1171","The Web Deployment Tool (Web Deploy) is a command-line tool from Microsoft that is used for synchronizing web site code and content with web servers—and, particularly, IIS. It is also known as Web Deploy, the Web Deployment Tool, and MSDeploy. The name of its command-line executable is msdeploy.exe."
"fluentd","1171","Fluentd is open-source and distributed data collector, which receives logs in JSON format, buffers them, and sends them to other systems like Amazon S3, MongoDB, Hadoop, Loki(Grafana system) or other Fluentds."
"cpan","1171","CPAN is the Comprehensive Perl Archive Network, a code and documentation archive of over 100,000 open-source Perl modules across more than 25,000 distributions written by more than 10,000 authors. This tag is not for general Perl questions; use the [perl] tag instead."
"restructuredtext","1171","reStructuredText is a lightweight markup language intended to be highly readable in source format."
"core-image","1171","Core Image is a set of components for near real-time, pixel-accurate image and video processing for cocoa. It's available from Mac OS X v10.4 and partially available in iOS v5.0"
"filesystemwatcher","1170","FileSystemWatcher is a .NET component class that listens to the file system change notifications and raises events when a directory, or file in a directory, changes."
"aws-fargate","1170","AWS Fargate is a service within Amazon Web Services that allows for running containers without managing servers or clusters. Use this tag for questions about AWS Fargate. For context, also tag your question with [amazon-ecs] or [amazon-eks] to denote which managed container service you're using."
"logstash-configuration","1169","Logstash configuration has three main sections - Input, Filter and Output. Each section has configurations for each plugin available in that section."
"loadrunner","1169","LoadRunner is a commercial performance testing tool supplied by HP.   It has a long and varied history resulting in its support of over 30 different interfaces, multiple languages for script creation and a promiscuous non-agent based model for monitoring systems.    "
"android-gallery","1168","Questions regarding using Android gallery application. Gallery application is the official media app installed on all Android mobile devices. The app allows browsing, organizing, sharing and editing of media (photos and videos). "
"codemirror","1168","CodeMirror is an in-browser code editor, written in JavaScript. Among its notable features are syntax-highlighting, code-completion, auto-formatting and key-binding. The code-assist and highlighting capabilities are written as plugins called 'modes', and the editor supports many languages out of the box, but it can be extended to add support for any desired language. "
"h5py","1168","h5py is a NumPy-compatible Python module for handling The Hierarchical Data Format (HDF5) files."
"osmdroid","1167","osmdroid provides Tools / Views to interact with OpenStreetMap-Data, as a close to drop in replacement for the MapView class, with additions."
"http-redirect","1167","When a URL is updated the server sends a HTTP redirect message with the updated URL. The redirect option in HTTP is also used by the server to perform load balancing. "
"undefined-reference","1167","A linker error caused by a missing definition of a symbol used elsewhere in a program"
"self-join","1167","A table can be joined to itself and this is called a self-join. You can use a self-join to create a result set that joins records in a table with other records in the same table for example to filter a specific subset of records from within a single table without returning duplicate or similar rows."
"appium-android","1167","An open-source test automation tool for use with native and hybrid mobile apps"
"koa","1166","Koa is a web framework which aims to be a smaller, more expressive, and more robust foundation for web applications and APIs. "
"python-docx","1165","A python library to create, read and write Microsoft Office Word 2007 docx files."
"scrollviewer","1165","A scroll viewer is a user interface construct that provides a scrolling area to any control(or hierarchy of controls) that is placed within it."
"django-filter","1165","For questions concerning the use of the 3rd-party library django-filter. Do not use this tag for questions asking about simply filtering querysets."
"itemscontrol","1164","Represents a control that can be used to present a collection of items."
"alexa-skill","1164","Alexa Skill is Amazon’s voice service "
"email-validation","1163","Email validation is the process of deciding whether a given string is a valid email-address or not. This is distinct from email verification, which is necessary to determine if a given email address really exists, and (usually) whether a particular person has access to it (e.g. during an account signup process)."
"labels","1163","A label is a placeholder for text, and other UI elements."
"credit-card","1163","is used for questions related to payment cards. Questions regarding security of payment card data may want to consider using the pci-dss tag."
"lan","1163","LAN, or Local Area Network, is a computer network that connects computers and devices in a limited geographical area such as home, school, computer laboratory or office building. The defining characteristics of LANs, in contrast to wide area networks (WANs), include their usually higher data-transfer rates, smaller geographic area, and lack of a need for leased telecommunication lines. "
"collectionview","1163","The Marionette CollectionView displays a Backbone collection object by rendering each objects through the specified childView View object."
"argv","1163","Argument vector containing the arguments passed in from the command line when starting a program. Used in the main method, in conjunction with argc."
"jscript","1163","JScript is a scripting language based on the ECMAScript standard, created by Microsoft and implemented in a range of environments. You would expect this tag to accompany questions regarding these environments, such as Windows Script Host (WSH), Active Server Pages (ASP) and HTML Applications (HTA)."
"opencart2.x","1162","Opencart version 2.0.0.0 and above, released 2014-10-01"
"slug","1162","part of a URL that makes it more human readable or SEO-friendly, but without necessarily being required by the web server."
"reddit","1162","Use for questions involving the API for Reddit, a social news ranking website."
"aws-codebuild","1162","Describes Amazon Web Services CodeBuild questions and answers. Scope should be limited to AWS CodeBuild."
"ionic-native","1162","The tag specific for ionic-native, a replacement for using ngCordova and supports ionic 1, 2, 3 and 4, and since ngCordova tag is existing this tag must exist as well, the ngCordova is such a different tag and not related to ionic-native, so it is helpful to avoid any conflict between these two tags."
"propel","1161","Propel is an open-source object-relational mapping (ORM) for PHP 5. It allows you to access your database using a set of objects, providing a simple API for storing and retrieving data. There are two major versions, 1 and 2."
"idioms","1161","A programming idiom is the usual and customary way to write code in a particular language. Idioms are highly recognizable ways of overcoming a particular limitation and/or writing commonly-used code, sometimes with a purpose that is separate from the literal meaning of the code. An idiom can also be the standard way of implementing something when there are multiple ways to do it."
"backpropagation","1161","Backpropagation is a method of the gradient computation, often used in artificial neural networks to perform gradient descent."
"tridion","1161","SDL Tridion is a Web Content Management software platform that supports both Java and .NET architectures."
"web-development-server","1159","Use this tag for questions related to a Web-development Server, i.e. the backend/server side of a web application, when it comes to its development."
"google-closure-compiler","1159","Google Closure Compiler compiles a typed superset of modern JavaScript to a target version of JavaScript, applying type checking, dead code elimination, minification and other improvements."
"php-curl","1159","PHP cURL extension for HTTP requests"
"pyomo","1158","Pyomo is a Python-based open-source software package that supports a diverse set of optimization capabilities for formulating, solving, and analyzing optimization models."
"togglebutton","1158","A GUI control used for selecting 1 of 2 states."
"point-clouds","1158","A point cloud is a set of vertices in three-dimensional space, and is commonly the data set output by 3D scanners."
"rspec2","1158","RSpec 2 is a version of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers. Use this tag only for RSpec 2-specific questions, and tag those questions with [rspec] too."
"puma","1158","Puma is a simple, fast, threaded, and highly concurrent HTTP server for Ruby/Rack applications."
"params","1157","DO NOT USE:  use the tag parameters instead. "
"csproj","1157","A file with the 'csproj' file extension is a Visual Studio .NET C# Project file."
"dpi","1157","DPI stands for Dots Per Inch"
"react-native-firebase","1157","This tag is for the react-native-firebase npm package. "
"prisma","1156","Prisma is a next-generation Node.js and TypeScript ORM for PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB and MSSQL. "
"wizard","1156",""
"zk","1155","ZK is an open-source Ajax framework for modern Java web applications."
"auto","1155","The `auto` keyword was repurposed in C++11 for a deduced type.  When used to replace a type name in an initialized variable declaration, the variable is given the same type as the initializer.  When used as a return type, the return type is specified as a trailing return type, or deduced from the return-expression."
"reportlab","1154","A library for generating PDF in Python."
"jfilechooser","1154","JFileChooser is a Java Swing component to provide a simple mechanism for the user to choose a file."
"watermark","1154","A watermark is information embedded within a file. In the most common usage, watermarks are added to images to identify the image's creator."
"material-components-android","1154","Material Components for Android (MDC-Android) help developers execute Material Design. Developed by a core team of engineers and UX designers at Google, these components enable a reliable development workflow to build beautiful and functional Android apps. "
"static-members","1153","A static member is a data field that is shared by all instances of a class or structure for the same program. Static member exists even when no objects of the static data member's class exist. A feature of C++, roughly equivalent to Java static fields."
"sendkeys","1153","A .NET class that sends one or more keystrokes to the active window as if they were typed at the keyboard."
"progress-4gl","1153","The Progress 4GL is a multi-platform interpreted language typically used to build business applications and is now known as ABL."
"jdo","1153","Java Data Objects (JDO) is a standard way to access persistent data in databases, using plain old Java objects (POJO) to represent persistent data. It is designed to be datastore-agnostic, allowing persistence to, potentially, any type of datastore"
"visual-foxpro","1153","Questions tagged with Visual Foxpro should be specifically about the Windows based versions of Foxpro, from 3.0 through the final 9.0 version. Earlier versions, and the versions for the Mac and SCO Unix are not ""Visual"", and shouldn't be tagged as such, nor should the tag Foxpro be included on questions about Visual Foxpro."
"python-3.3","1152","For issues that are specific to Python 3.3. Use the more generic [python] and [python-3.x] tags where possible."
"firebase-dynamic-links","1152","Firebase Dynamic Links drive usage to your mobile application from sources where only a URL can be provided, such as SMS, email, and marketing promotions.  These links can help the user install and launch your app to exactly the point your user expects. "
"facebook-sdk-4.0","1151","Facebook sdk 4.0 is latest set of API for facebook developers. It has two branches:  - Facebook C#/.Net SDK 4.0 - Facebook PHP SDK 4.0  Use apt tag among two."
"policy","1151","Best practice and style are at the core of every program; there is always a better way to do something. Policy helps programmers determine how something should be written."
"remoting","1151",".NET Remoting is a Microsoft application programming interface (API) for interprocess communication released in 2002 with the 1.0 version of .NET framework."
"destructuring","1150","""Destructuring allows you to bind a set of variables to a corresponding set of values anywhere that you can normally bind a value to a single variable"" (""Common Lisp the Language"")."
"onsen-ui","1150","Onsen UI is a front-end framework for developing hybrid mobile apps in HTML5. It supports both Flat and Material Design and is framework agnostic."
"vsix","1150","A VSIX package is a .vsix file that contains one or more Visual Studio extensions (VS2010 onwards)."
"commonjs","1149","CommonJS is a project whose goal is to move JavaScript outside the browser."
"custom-attributes","1148","In .NET Framework, custom attributes are user defined attributes which enable providing metadata for application elements such as assemblies, classes and methods."
"dicom","1147","Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) standard defines formats for storing and communicating medical images. Non-programming specific questions about DICOM are off-topic for Stack Overflow. For questions related to a specific tool-kit, use a more specific tag in addition to, or instead of, this tag."
"iterable","1147","An iterable is an object, such as a string or collection, that can be iterated over, yielding up its members one at a time."
"nib","1147",""
"prettier","1147","Prettier is an opinionated code formatter for JavaScript, CSS, HTML, Markdown, and other languages. If possible, please use Prettier's Playground to illustrate your question (use the ""Copy link"" and ""Copy markdown"" buttons at the bottom right corner of the Playground)."
"infowindow","1146","The InfoWindow is a standard class within the Google Maps JavaScript API; it is an overlay that displays content in a floating window above the map and is anchored at a specified location on the map."
"nonetype","1146","Nonetype refers to an object or type whose value is null (none)."
"worker","1146","In software, the term worker usually describes a long-running process being executed in a separate thread from an application's main thread of execution. Consider [tag:web-worker] for javascript."
"protected","1146","`protected` is an access specifier in object-oriented languages. When the members of a class are `protected`, there is restricted access to these members for other classes."
"pillow","1145","The Pillow library is a fork of the Python Imaging Library (PIL), aiming to be friendlier than the former."
"hibernate-validator","1145","Hibernate Validator is the reference implementation for JSR 380 - Bean Validation 2.0"
"api-platform.com","1145","This tag should be used for all questions related to API Platform, a framework to create API-first web projects. API Platform contains a set of tools to build with ease fully-featured hypermedia APIs (modern formats, docs, authorization, filtering, ordering, cache, testing...) and to scaffold clients apps. It is built on top of Symfony components (PHP) and React (JavaScript)."
"rpy2","1144","RPy is a very simple, yet robust, Python interface to the R Programming Language. It can manage all kinds of R objects and can execute arbitrary R functions (including the graphic functions). All errors from the R language are converted to Python exceptions. Any module installed for the R system can be used from within Python"
"custom-taxonomy","1144","Custom criteria that allow categorization, identification, nomenclature, and classification of  various entities in software. "
"gaps-and-islands","1143","Gaps and islands problems involve finding a range of missing values (gaps) or a range of consecutive values (islands) in a sequence of numbers or dates."
"ace-editor","1143","Ace is a standalone code editor written in JavaScript. The primary goal is to create a web based code editor that matches and extends the features, usability and performance of existing native editors such as TextMate, Vim or Eclipse. It can be easily embedded in any web page and JavaScript application."
"sentry","1143","Sentry is an event logging platform primarily focused on capturing and aggregating exceptions."
"solrcloud","1143","SolrCloud is the name of a set of new distributed capabilities in Solr."
"nodemon","1143","nodemon is an automated process that monitors the directory for a given node application. When files change in this directory, nodemon automatically restarts the node application."
"smtplib","1143","`smtplib` is a Python module that defines an SMTP client session object. It can be used to send mail to any Internet machine with an SMTP or ESMTP listener daemon. "
"text-parsing","1143","Text parsing is a variation of parsing which refers to the action of breaking a stream of text into different components, and capturing the relationship between those components."
"kivymd","1143","KivyMD is a collection of Material Design compliant widgets. Use with the [kivy] and [python] tags"
"android-mediacodec","1142","MediaCodec is a class from the package ""android.media"" of Android API that can be used to access low-level, native media codec, i.e. encoder/decoder components."
"nameerror","1142","The Ruby or Python `NameError` exception."
"tcp-ip","1141","TCP/IP is an acronym Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol. It is a protocol stack that is responsible for endpoint-to-endpoint communications between two or more devices. Please use this tag if your question is specific to TCP/IP."
"latency","1141","This tag implies latency is a significant consideration"
"jquery-deferred","1140","jQuery's deferred (also known as promises and futures) can be used to manage callback queues"
"postgresql-9.5","1140","For PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.5"
"android-maps-v2","1139","The new Google Maps Android API v2 allows you to offer interactive, feature-rich maps to users of your Android application. "
"memory-alignment","1139","Memory alignment means that objects and variables reside at particular offsets in the system's memory. "
"controltemplate","1139","The ControlTemplate allows you to specify the visual structure of a control. The control author can define the default ControlTemplate and the application author can override the ControlTemplate to reconstruct the visual structure of the control. "
"extjs5","1138","Sencha Ext JS (JavaScript Framework for Rich Desktop Apps)"
"c3p0","1137","c3p0 is a Java library for JDBC drivers with JNDI-bindable DataSources, including DataSources that implement Connection and Statement Pooling, as described by the jdbc3 spec and jdbc2 std extension."
"llvm-ir","1136","The LLVM Intermediate Representation"
"distributed-system","1136","A distributed system consists of a collection of autonomous computers, connected through a network and distribution middleware, which enables computers to coordinate their activities and to share the resources of the system, so that users perceive the system as a single, integrated computing facility."
"shipping","1135","Shipping is transportation of goods by sea or some other means. Use this tag for problems in API or program related to shipping. "
"azure-web-roles","1134","A Microsoft Azure Web Role is a Windows Server Compatible Virtual Machine (VM) with IIS enabled, along with scaffolding code that provides a launch point for your own code to run within the VM."
"mkdir","1134","The mkdir (make directory) command in the Unix, DOS, OS/2 and Microsoft Windows operating systems is used to make a new directory. The underlying system call is also called mkdir().  In DOS, OS/2 and Windows the command is often abbreviated to md."
"google-app-maker","1134","The google-app-maker tag should be used for questions about soon-to-be-deprecated Google App Maker, a low-code, application development tool that lets you quickly build and deploy custom apps in a Google domain."
"xcode-ui-testing","1133","UI Testing in Xcode was introduced in Xcode 7, allowing a developer to write UI tests in Swift/Objective-C. The primary method of interacting with an app is via an instance of XCUIApplication. Tests run via the Product > Test menu item or from the editor, with results displayed in the Test navigator. Not to be confused with the older UI Automation which used UIATarget and JavaScript."
"git-pull","1133","Fetches changes from a remote repository and incorporates them into the current branch of a Git repository."
"storekit","1133","Store Kit is an iOS and macOS framework that allows an application to request payment from a user for additional functionality or content."
"bearer-token","1133","Tokens are issued to clients by an authorization server with the approval of the resource owner.   The client uses the access token to access the protected resources hosted by the resource server.   "
"reshape2","1133","The reshape2 package in R contains functions that allow data to be transformed into more convenient forms. "
"angular-ng-if","1132","'ngIf' is an Angular core directive that toggles the presence of the targeted element in the DOM. Do not use this tag for the 'ng-if' directive in the older AngularJS version."
"radgrid","1132","RadGrid is an ASP.NET based grid control by Telerik that provides many advanced functions."
"montecarlo","1132","Monte Carlo methods are stochastic (probabilistic) systems that use many random samples to derive properties of a complex system."
"explorer","1132","Windows Explorer is the file manager and navigation tool that exists in Microsoft Windows operating systems"
"sharepoint-designer","1131","A piece of software for a user to further develop their SharePoint site beyond its basic capabilities by manipulating the design and behavior of the site."
"uinavigationitem","1131","on iOS, the UINavigationItem class encapsulates information about a navigation item pushed on a UINavigationBar object’s stack"
"double-quotes","1130","Questions related to the use of double-quotes in different programming languages."
"azure-data-explorer","1130","Azure Data Explorer is a fast and highly scalable data exploration service for log and telemetry data. It helps you handle the many data streams emitted by modern software, so you can collect, store, and analyze data. Azure Data Explorer is ideal for analyzing large volumes of diverse data from any data source, such as websites, applications, IoT devices, and more."
"derived-class","1129","In Object Oriented languages, derived class can inherit properties and/or member functions from a base class, also called super class. cf inheritance and polymorphism."
"datamapper","1128","Architectural pattern for separating application logic from storage."
"jta","1128","Java Transaction API (JTA) specifies standard Java interfaces between a transaction manager and the parties involved in a distributed transaction system: the resource manager, the application server, and the transactional applications."
"instrumentation","1128","The process of inserting extra diagnostic code during compilation of a given source code."
"yahoo-finance","1128","PLEASE NOTE : THIS API HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED BY YAHOO. Yahoo! Finance is a service from Yahoo! that provides financial information. It is the top financial news and research website in the United States."
"virtual-memory","1128","Virtual memory is a memory management technique developed for multitasking kernels."
"swi-prolog","1127","SWI-Prolog is an open source implementation of Prolog that runs on Unix, Windows and Mac."
"mxml","1127","MXML is an XML-based declarative language similar to CFML"
"utf-16","1126","UTF-16 is a character encoding that represents Unicode code points using either 2 or 4 bytes per character."
"asp.net-3.5","1125","asp.net-3.5 is the 3.5 version of web development framework asp.net, part of .Net. It features: ASP.NET AJAX as a part of the runtime, new LINQ data capabilities, improved support for CSS."
"objectify","1125","Objectify is a 3rd party Java data access API specifically designed for Google Cloud Datastore in the App Engine Standard runtime. It occupies a ""middle ground""; easier to use and more transparent than JDO or JPA, but significantly more convenient than the Low-Level API provided for Cloud Datastore."
"transfer","1125","transfer is the process of moving data from one physical or virtual location to another"
"populate","1125","This is a general tag used when applying structured or unstructured data into a context."
"flume","1125","Flume is a distributed, reliable, and available service for efficiently collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log data."
"railstutorial.org","1125","Questions and answers for Michael Hartl's railstutorial.org"
"intellij-plugin","1124","Plugin Development for IntelliJ-based IDEs"
"password-encryption","1124","Password encryption is the act of securing a password with another password. If your intent is to use passwords for authentication (e.g. for logins), you should look at password hashing instead of encryption. Use this tag for question about how or better still whether to encrypt passwords.      "
"initializer-list","1122","std::initializer_list is a special type in C++11 which is used to construct containers and other types from a list of values of the same type. May be implemented as a pair of pointers or pointer and length and its storage could be automatic, temporary, or static read-only."
"lda","1122","Latent Dirichlet Allocation, LDA, is a generative model that allows sets of observations to be explained by unobserved groups that explain why some parts of the data are similar. "
"stringstream","1122","stringstream provides an interface to manipulate strings as if they were input/output streams."
"hierarchical-clustering","1122","Hierarchical clustering is a clustering technique that generates clusters at multiple hierarchical levels, thereby generating a tree of clusters. Hierarchical clustering provides advantages to analysts with its visualization potential."
"flexslider","1121","FlexSlider is a fully responsive jQuery slider plugin."
"avx","1121","Advanced Vector Extensions (AVX) is an extension to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD."
"r-plotly","1121","plotly is an R package to create interactive web-based visualizations via 'plotly.js'."
"intentservice","1120","IntentService is a special implementation of Android service component."
"hid","1120","HID stands for Human Interface Device, a type of computer peripheral taking input from a user and sometimes providing feedback, for example keyboard, mouse, joystick, trackball and the like."
"enterprise","1120","Enterprise refers to software intended to facilitate the operation of one or more types of business entities, such as cooperatives, companies, universities, and government organizations."
"timespan","1119","An elapsed measurement of time between two events or during which an event, program or a function continues.  Also known as a timedelta or a duration."
"csh","1119","csh, or the C shell, is a command interpreter with a syntax reminiscent of the C programming language."
"webservice-client","1119","An application which calls on and consumes the response of a web service.  "
"comet","1119","Comet is a generic term used to describe technology used to ""push"" data from a web server to connected web clients. In contrast to a ""typical"" web connection, in which the client must request data before the server can respond with that data, with Comet implementations, data can be pushed from the server without the client requesting said data.  Comet can be implemented in a variety of ways: long-polling, callback-polling, forever-frame, etc."
"c3.js","1119","c3 is a D3-based reusable chart library that enables deeper integration of charts into web applications."
"cakephp-2.3","1119","CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications. It uses commonly known design patterns like MVC and ORM within the convention over configuration paradigm.  Use this tag for questions about CakePHP version 2.3.*"
"android-workmanager","1119","Android Jetpack WorkManager is used for scheduling and managing one time and periodic background tasks."
"dataflow","1118","Dataflow programming is a programming paradigm in which computations are modeled through directed graphs: nodes are instructions and data flows through the connections between them."
"lift","1116","An open source web application framework written in Scala"
"sapply","1116","sapply is a command in the R language that applies a function to each element of a vector (atomic or list). It may also accept other classes if they are coercible by the function base::as.list. The sapply function returns a vector by default, however will return a list when more suitable or an array if argument simplify = ""array"" is specified."
"python-telegram-bot","1116","This is a Python library that wraps around the Telegram Bot API. Note that this is not a general tag for ""Telegram bots written with Python"", but only for question about this particular library."
"object-detection-api","1115","Questions related to the tensorflow object detection api"
"fileinputstream","1114","FileInputStream is a Java class meant for reading streams of raw bytes."
"playframework-2.2","1114","Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption (CPU, memory, threads) for highly-scalable applications."
"modelica","1114","Modelling language for multi-domain physical and control systems."
"hostname","1114","A hostname is a human-readable nickname that is assigned to a device connected to a computer network and that is used to identify the device."
"event-sourcing","1113","Event Sourcing is a design pattern that captures all changes to an application's state as a sequence of events."
"cloud9-ide","1113","Cloud9 is an open-source, online development environment that combines a live test server with built-in support of several languages."
"postgresql-9.2","1113","for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.2."
"llvm-clang","1113","Clang is the C language family front-end for the LLVM compiler. (The C language family includes C, C++, Objective-C, and Objective-C++.)"
"pipenv","1113","For questions related to Python's pipenv dependency management tool."
"react-table","1112","React Table is a lightweight, fast and extendable datagrid built for React."
"dotnetopenauth","1112","DotNetOpenAuth is an open source library for OpenID 1.1 and 2.0 supporting OAuth 1.0, 1.1, 2.0 as Consumer and Service Provider."
"api-key","1112","An application programming interface key (API key) is a code passed in by computer programs calling an API (application programming interface) to identify the calling program, its developer, or its user to the Web site."
"ramda.js","1112","Ramda is a functional utility library for Javascript, focusing on making it easy to build modular pipelines out of small, composable functions."
"backbone-views","1112","Views in the Backbone.js library. Backbone views are used to reflect what your applications' data models look like. They are also used to listen to events and react accordingly."
"summary","1112","Summary statistics of a set of observations include the mean, median & the standard deviation."
"sudoku","1112","Sudoku (soo-doh-koo) is a number-placement logic puzzle. The objective is to fill a partially constructed 9×9 grid with digits so that each column, each row, and each of the nine 3×3 sub-grids that compose the grid contain all of the digits from 1 to 9."
"textmate","1111","TextMate is a text editor for macOS."
"hangfire","1111","Hangfire is an open-source framework that helps you to create, process and manage your background jobs in .NET Framework and .NET Core."
"django-testing","1111","Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design. This tag is about writing and running tests for your Django apps."
"macos-big-sur","1111","The sixteenth release of Apple's desktop operating system for Macintosh computers. Use this tag only if your question relates to using macOS Big Sur specific behavior. Questions relating to using or troubleshooting macOS are off-topic. "
"uploadify","1110","Uploadify is a jQuery plugin that integrates a fully-customizable multiple file upload utility on your website. It uses a mixture of JavaScript, ActionScript, and any server-side language to dynamically create an instance over any DOM element on a page."
"url-parameters","1110","URL Parameters are parameters whose values are set dynamically in a page’s URL, and can be accessed by its template and its data sources. This makes pages incredibly dynamic, enabling a single page to power an endless number of views."
"timedelta","1110","Timedelta refers to the difference between two timestamps, which is a measure of elapsed time.  It may also specifically refer to the 'timedelta' type in Python."
"bootstrap-datepicker","1110","bootstrap-datepicker is a datepicker widget by uxsolutions (eternicode) that uses Twitter's bootstrap library. (Forked from eyecon) "
"parse-cloud-code","1109"," This code runs in the Parse Cloud rather than running on a mobile device. For complex apps, sometimes developers just need a bit of logic that isn't running on a mobile device. Cloud Code makes this possible."
"behat","1109","Behat is a php framework for autotesting your business expectations. It's a Behavior Driven Development (BDD) framework for PHP, initially inspired by Ruby's Cucumber project. Now it's not only accepted as a PHP implementation of Cucumber, but it provides some quite unique features the original didn't have."
"worksheet","1109","Worksheet is an Excel worksheet. It consists of cells filled with data. Choose this tag if the problem you have involves working with the Worksheet object.   If you use this tag, you probably should also use Excel and VBA (or the language you use) tags."
"mongodb-atlas","1109","MongoDB Atlas is a cloud database service for running, monitoring, and maintaining MongoDB deployments, including the provisioning of dedicated servers for the MongoDB instances."
"tortoisehg","1108","TortoiseHg is a Windows shell extension and a series of cross-platform applications for the Mercurial distributed revision control system."
"adobe-indesign","1108","InDesign is Adobe's scriptable publishing software. When using this tag also tag the language that you are coding in for context, e.g. [extendscript], [applescript], or [vbscript], etc.."
"nancy","1107","Nancy is a lightweight web framework for the .Net platform, inspired by Sinatra. Nancy aims to deliver a low ceremony approach to building light, fast web applications."
"protege","1107","Protégé is a free, open-source platform that provides a growing user community with a suite of tools to construct domain models and knowledge-based applications with ontologies. "
"nat","1107","Network Address Translation (NAT) is a method of connecting multiple computers to the Internet (or any other IP network) using one IP address."
"hotkeys","1106","Hotkeys provide quick access to user interface application or system actions via combinatorial key presses."
"a-star","1106","A* is a graph shortest-path algorithm that uses a heuristic function to speed up the search"
"bcp","1105","The bulk copy program `bcp` is a command line tool that can be used to export data from Microsoft® SQL Server™ or SAP Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise databases to a data file in a user-specified format.  bcp can also be used to bulk-load (=quickly import) data into the database server. The Microsoft and Sybase versions have similar syntax, but can not be used interchangeably."
"timeline","1105","Time-based information displays and user interfaces. For the Facebook Timeline use [facebook-timeline] instead."
"aspect-ratio","1105","The aspect ratio of an element describes the proportional relationship between its width and its height."
"spring-boot-test","1105",""
"msdeploy","1104","Microsoft command line tool for deploying, synchronizing and packaging web applications, content and configuration settings to IIS Web Servers."
"workspace","1104","An area of memory (RAM or disk based) for which to perform operations."
"sqlcmd","1104","SQLCMD is a command line tool used to run SQL batches on Microsoft SQL Server."
"automator","1104","An application, first appearing in Apple's OS X, providing a point and click interface for creating macros to automate tasks"
"qunit","1104","QUnit is a JavaScript unit testing framework, used by the jQuery project to test its code and plugins, but capable of testing any generic JavaScript code (both on the client and on the server)."
"sitecore6","1103","Sitecore is a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net. This tag relates to version 6 of Sitecore"
"informatica-powercenter","1102","Informatica Powercenter is an ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) tool developed by Informatica Corporation. ETL tools are used to integrate and move data between IT systems. In terms of market share, Powercenter is one of the leading data integration tools available."
"rbenv","1102","a simple version manager for Ruby, with a plugin system to modify its behaviour."
"syslog","1102","Syslog is a standard for logging program messages."
"information-retrieval","1102","Information Retrieval is an area of study concerning with retrieving documents, information or metadata from a collection of unstructured or semi-structured data. "
"irc","1100","IRC - Stands for Internet Relay Chat is an internet based chat protocol. Main idea is to have users connect to a server network, where they can then send messages to each other through channels or direct chat.  Today there's quite a few different networks, usually each with a main thematic. Stack Overflow got its own channel on the FreeNode network. You can read more about that on the full tag wiki page."
"ebean","1100","Ebean is an open source Object Relational Mapping tool.  It's goal is to provide a simpler alternative to JPA (Java Persistence API) implementations such as Hibernate and Eclipselink."
"ejb-3.1","1100","This tag is used for question related to the session bean and message-driven bean component types of the EJB 3.1 programming model. "
"fileoutputstream","1100","FileOutputStream is a Java class used to write bytes directly to a File or to a FileDescriptor. "
"qtablewidget","1098","QTableWidget is a Qt class providing an item-based table view with a default model."
"google-contacts-api","1098","The Google Contact API allows users to programmatically interact with the Google Contacts application, which is a web based contact management application by Google. Use this tag for programming questions related to using the Google Contacts API. General computing questions about using the Google Contacts web application is off topic for Stack Overflow.  "
"deferred","1098","Deferred objects simplify callback management in an asynchronous environment, mitigating the ""Pyramid of Doom"" that results from too many levels of nested callbacks."
"symfony-2.1","1098","This is the Symfony 2.1.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the symfony2 tag if your question is specific to Symfony 2.1.x — not just 2.x."
"autoconf","1098","GNU Autoconf creates a shell script `configure` that is used to configure software for compilation for UNIX-like operating systems."
"mutable","1097","A mutable can be modified after it is created."
"nsfetchrequest","1097","On macOS 10.4+ and iOS 3.0+, an instance of NSFetchRequest describes the search criteria used to retrieve data from a persistent store. It is a class in the Apple Core Data Framework."
"scrape","1096","DO NOT USE THIS TAG. It is under an active cleanup: https://meta.stackoverflow.com/q/305314 Use [web-scraping] if your question is about scraping information from web resources (there is also [screen-scraping]) or use [pdf-scraping] if your question is about scraping information from pdf files. Use [data-extraction] if you need to extract data from other resources."
"filewriter","1096","Java built-in class that allows writing character files."
"android-logcat","1096","Logcat is the command to view and filter information from the Android logging system, but more often the name is used as a synonym for the Android logging system itself."
"conventions","1096","A generic tag covering any accepted method of doing things, which could include naming, spacing, coding, commenting, etc."
"cognos","1096","Cognos is an IBM subsidiary which provides a range of business intelligence and performance management products."
"confluence","1096","Atlassian Confluence is an enterprise-class collaboration and wiki system."
"device-driver","1096","A device driver is a specialized software component (usually considered ""system software"") which allows a system to interact with a particular type or class of hardware device, such as a keyboard, serial port, disk drive, video display, memory controller, or other peripheral."
"breadcrumbs","1096","A navigation aid used in user interfaces"
"flush","1095","Flush means clearing all the buffers for a stream. This will cause any buffered data to be written to the underlying device."
"sqldatareader","1095","Provides a way of reading a forward-only stream of rows from a SQL Server database."
"jasperserver","1095","JasperReports Server (formerly known as JasperServer) is a stand-alone and embeddable reporting server. Make sure your question also have the jasper-reports tag and add this tag only if the question is specifically related to JasperReports server (configuration, interface development, deployment etc. of server)"
"google-login","1094","Google-login refers to a sign-in API provided by Google."
"long-polling","1094","In web programming, long-polling is an emulation of pushing data, implemented by repeated polling with delayed response."
"mixed-models","1094","Programming problems related to the analysis of statistical models with random-effects terms, also variously: repeated measures, hierarchical, multilevel models"
"lighttpd","1094","Lighttpd is a lightweight and high-performance event-driven web server."
"vector-graphics","1094","Vector graphics is the use of geometrical primitives such as points, lines, curves, and shapes or polygon(s), which are all based on mathematical equations, to represent images in computer graphics. Images are drawn at run-time from the information stored, and so vector images do not get distorted after zoom/resize etc."
"agent","1093","Questions about programming software agents or programming in an agent-oriented environment."
"file-extension","1093","A suffix appended to the end of a filename, in order to identify the type of file. It is (typically) separated from the filename by a period symbol."
"powershell-remoting","1093","The ability to create a remote connection, in an other way than using WMI, is the most important difference between PowerShell v 1.0 and 2.0."
"typetraits","1093","Type traits are syntactic extensions that allow the developer to determine at compile time various characteristics of a type.  C++ support is provided by a combination of compiler support and a set of library templates.  Access to the type traits is provided via the header <type_traits>"
"zend-db","1093","Database access component for the Zend Framework."
"nsurlrequest","1092","on iOS , NSURLRequest objects represent a URL load request in a manner independent of protocol and URL scheme.  NSURLRequest encapsulates two basic data elements of a load request: the URL to load, and the policy to use when consulting the URL content cache made available by the implementation. "
"class-design","1092","Refers to structural definition of class unit in object-oriented languages."
"gateway","1091","This is a vague tag for all kinds of gateways including networks, general interfaces and products, where this term is used with its own meaning. Try to avoid this."
"xmlreader","1091","xmlreader - Represents a reader that provides fast, noncached, forward-only access to XML data."
"optional-parameters","1091","An optional parameter is one that a caller can include in a call to a function or method, but doesn't have to. When omitted, a default value is used instead. Optional parameters are useful when the default value is used in most cases, but still needs to be specified on occasion."
"joomla-extensions","1091","Extensions for Joomla! an open source content management system for web sites, which can be heavily extended. Joomla questions about programming and administration are best asked on https://joomla.stackexchange.com"
"alfresco-share","1090","Alfresco Share is a web-based collaboration environment for managing documents, wiki content, blogs and more. "
"openjpa","1090","OpenJPA is an open source implementation of the Java Persistence API specification. It is an object-relational mapping (ORM) solution for the Java language, which simplifies storing objects in databases. It is open source software distributed under the Apache 2.0 Licence."
"url-scheme","1090","A URI scheme is the top level of the Uniform Resource Identifier(URI) naming structure in computer networking."
"same-origin-policy","1089","The same origin policy, which is enforced by Web browsers, limits JavaScript in a document loaded from one origin from accessing data from another origin. The limitation can be relaxed using the CORS protocol."
"angularjs-ng-click","1088","The `ngClick` directive allows you to specify custom behavior when element is clicked. "
"flutter-provider","1088","For questions relating to the ""Provider"" package for the Flutter framework. Use this tag in combination with the general [flutter] tag. If your question applies to Flutter more generally, use the [flutter] tag only."
"rails-activestorage","1087","Active Storage is a component of Ruby on Rails. It facilitates uploading files to a cloud storage service like Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, or Microsoft Azure Storage and attaching those files to Active Record objects."
"aws-iot","1087","AWS IoT is Amazon's implementation of an IoT gateway."
"pythonanywhere","1087","PythonAnywhere is a Python-centric web-based development and hosting service. "
"pass-by-value","1087","pass-by-value is a ""one way passing"" so that modifications of the passed value inside the receiving function (or other entity like process, etc) are not returned back."
"weak-references","1087","A weak reference is a one that makes no claim of ownership. A weak reference keeps a reference to the object in question while it is in memory, but does not prevent the memory management system from reclaiming the associated memory when the referenced object is otherwise no longer needed. Many languages feature or support various levels of weak references, such as Swift, Objective-C, Java, C#, Python, Perl and Lisp."
"cultureinfo","1086","Represents information about a specific culture including the names of the culture, the writing system, and the calendar used, as well as access to culture-specific objects that provide information for common operations, such as formatting dates and sorting strings.  "
"mapstruct","1086","MapStruct is a code generator for creating efficient, type-safe bean-to-bean mappings in Java."
"simple-injector","1086","Simple Injector is an Dependency Injection library for Microsoft .NET, .NET Core, .NET Standard, Windows Phone, Windows Store Apps, and Mono."
"setcookie","1086","The setcookie function sends an HTTP cookie to a client."
"tkinter-entry","1086","Tkinter Entry refers to a type of widget used in Tkinter (a Python standard GUI package), called the Entry widget, used to enter or display a single line of text.  Not to be confused with the Text widget which is used to enter multiple lines of text.  Use this tag for questions related to the Entry widget.  "
"one-hot-encoding","1085","One-Hot Encoding is a method to encode categorical variables to numerical data that Machine Learning algorithms can deal with. One-Hot encoding is most used during feature engineering for a ML Model. It converts categorical values into a new categorical column and assign a binary value of 1 or 0 to those columns."
"quantmod","1085","quantmod is a package for R designed to assist quantitative traders in the development, testing, and deployment of statistically based trading models. "
"framebuffer","1085","In general a framebuffer is a graphic hardware-independent abstraction layer used to display output to a monitor or display. "
"stdstring","1084","std::string is the C++ standard library's byte-based ""string"" type, defined in the <string> header."
"privacy","1084","For questions related to privacy (user permissions / security techniques, internet tracking system such as Cookies, Web bugs etc.)"
"text-extraction","1084","Text extraction is the task of automatically extracting structured information from unstructured and/or semi-structured machine-readable documents (text)."
"salt","1083","Cryptography function that takes random bits and a string (typically a password) and uses a one-way hash to provide a new string that can be used for authentication without providing access to the original string. If a salt function uses enough random bits, the resulting string is generally considered cryptographically secure."
"google-api-java-client","1083","The Google APIs Client Library for Java is a flexible, efficient, and powerful Java client library for accessing any HTTP-based API on the web, not just Google APIs. "
"bluej","1083","BlueJ is a popular Java IDE aimed at teaching the principles of object oriented programming."
"user-permissions","1083","For questions regarding the appropriate use, settings, and enforcement of user permissions, typically for the purpose of either providing access to shared resources or restricting access to private resources."
"sas-macro","1082","A metaprogramming language used in the SAS suite to modify normal SAS code at run-time."
"checkboxlist","1082","The CheckBoxList control provides a multi selection check box group that can be dynamically generated with data binding."
"jogl","1082","JOGL is the Java Binding for the OpenGL and OpenGL ES API. JOGL provides full access to the APIs in the OpenGL 1.3 - 3.0, 3.1 - 3.3, ≥ 4.0, ES 1.x and ES 2.x specification."
"system.drawing","1081","System.Drawing is a namespace of the .NET framework. It provides access to GDI+ basic graphics functionality."
"pyspark-dataframes","1081",""
"web-frontend","1080","A refinement of the more generic frontend tag. In a web application this usually means HTML, CSS and JavaScript"
"pubnub","1080","PubNub offers a publish/subscribe API for realtime data stream messaging for IoT, mobile/web, chat, and games with modern platform supported with an SDK."
"peewee","1079","peewee is a small ORM written in Python, providing a lightweight querying interface over SQL."
"macports","1079","MacPorts is a package manager for Mac OS X. It is modeled after BSD Ports. macports.org "
"bitbucket-pipelines","1079","Questions related to Bitbucket Pipelines CI/CD."
"illegalstateexception","1078","About java.lang.IllegalStateException, a general-purpose exception defined in the Java API."
"gevent","1078","Gevent is a coroutine-based Python networking library that uses greenlet to provide a high-level synchronous API on top of libevent (libev after 1.0) event loop."
"html.dropdownlistfor","1077","Returns an HTML select element for each property in the object that is represented by the specified expression using the specified list items and tag attributes. Use this tag when you use ASP.net MVC and have a specific question about the `DropDownListFor` extension method"
"hp-uft","1077","Unified Functional Testing (UFT) is a commercial Software Test Automation tool by Micro Focus."
"upsert","1077","UPSERT is a combination of UPDATE and INSERT, typically used in relational databases."
"ibatis","1077","iBatis is an object-relational mapping framework for Java. It uses XML descriptors to bridge SQL queries and Java objects. An official port was created for the Microsoft .NET framework."
"tabulator","1077","Tabulator is a table generating JavaScript library. It is extremely flexible in manipulating tables and all the information within it. It also allows for external loading and saving. It can handle HTML, CSV, XML and JSON. See http://tabulator.info/"
"geo","1076","geo is the abbreviation for the term ""geographic"". It includes handling of geographic coordinates and vectors for display and calculation purpose. "
"page-refresh","1075","Questions dealing with causing or preventing the re-rendering of an HTML document by a web browser."
"windows-server","1075","A family of server operating systems by Microsoft. This tag can also be used to denote a server with Windows, as opposed to Unix, installed."
"consul","1075","Consul is a tool for discovering and configuring services in the infrastructure."
"visual-studio-lightswitch","1075","Microsoft Visual Studio LightSwitch is a rapid application development tool for creating data centric Silverlight or HTML5 applications. "
"metaclass","1075","In object-oriented programming, a metaclass is a class whose instances are classes. Just as an ordinary class defines the behavior of certain objects, a metaclass defines the behavior of certain classes and their instances. Not all object-oriented programming languages support metaclasses. "
"oracleforms","1074","Oracle Forms is a software product for creating screens that interact with an Oracle database."
"healthkit","1074","HealthKit is a framework for iOS and watchOS that allows health and fitness services to share their data with the new Health app and with each other. "
"arduino-ide","1073","Arduino is an open source IDE running on Windows, Mac OSX and Linux."
"mediastore","1073","The MediaStore provider contains meta data for all available media on both internal and external storage devices. "
"fold","1073","In functional programming, a fold, also known variously as reduction, accumulation, or catamorphism, is a type of higher-order function that recursively applies a transformation to a data structure, ""collapsing"" it to a summary value"
"wsh","1073","For questions relating to Windows Script Host (WSH), a language-independent scripting host for the Windows operating system. It allows scripts to be run from both the graphical Windows desktop (via WScript.exe) and the command prompt (via CScript.exe)."
"audit","1073","A set of processes or functionality that tracks changes to one or more components of a system, ensuring the completeness and accuracy of transaction processing, authorization, and validity of system operations."
"distutils","1072","Distutils is the standard packaging system for Python modules and applications."
"recordset","1072","A recordset is a subset of a database table consisting of columns and rows specified by a query language"
"masking","1072","Force user input to conform to given rules."
"emscripten","1072","Emscripten is an LLVM-to-JavaScript compiler. It takes LLVM bitcode - which can be generated from C/C++, using llvm-gcc or clang, or any other language that can be converted into LLVM - and compiles that into JavaScript, which can be run on the web (or anywhere else JavaScript can run)."
"sitecore8","1072","Sitecore is a Web Content Management System (CMS) built on Microsoft ASP.net. This tag relates to version 8 of Sitecore."
"tibble","1071","tibble could refer to an R class (tbl_df class), which is an improved data frame with stricter checking and better formatting. tibble could also refer to an R package providing functions to create and manipulate a tibble. "
"crystal-reports-2008","1071","Refers to version 2008 of Crystal Reports (v12.*), a business-intelligence application used to design and generate reports. Crystal Reports came integrated with Visual Studio versions up to 2008."
"ng-grid","1071","ng-grid is a datagrid written in AngularJS and jQuery by the AngularUI Team. It is a high-performance datagrid which uses virtualization for rendering rows and performs well with large data sets."
"case-insensitive","1071","An operation is case insensitive when uppercase and lowercase characters are equally treated."
"fifo","1070","Any structure in which the First object In is the First object Out. Synonyms include queue, and pipe."
"httpcontext","1070","HttpContext is a class from .NET Framework which provides information about an HTTP request."
"func","1070","Func is a family of delegate types in the .Net framework."
"java-2d","1070","Java 2D is an API for drawing two-dimensional graphics using the Java programming language."
"yahoo","1070","DO NOT USE THIS TAG. You are probably looking for [yahoo-api] or another Yahoo-related tag."
"dereference","1070","Anything related to pointer dereference, i.e. the process of determining the object which the pointer is referring to. Languages having pointer variables usually have a special operator to perform dereferencing of pointers (e.g. in C and C++, if `p` is a valid pointer, `*p` is the object pointed to by `p`)."
"directed-acyclic-graphs","1069","Directed acyclic graphs appear in many data structures such a changeset graphs in distributed version control systems."
"dynamically-generated","1069","Components that are constructed in response to conditions rather than being invariant or static"
"automake","1069","Automake is a tool provided by GNU for the purpose of automating the generation of portable, configurable Makefiles."
"ngrx-store","1069","Use this tag for questions related to the store package of the ngrx platform."
"arima","1068","ARIMA (AutoRegressive Integrated Moving Average) model is a statistical model for finding patterns in time series in order to predict future points in the series."
"bookmarks","1068","Bookmarks are a browser storage facility for URLs. Use this tag only for programming-related questions about bookmarks. Questions about using a browser are off-topic on Stack Overflow."
"fluent","1068","Fluent interface is an API which allows method chaining to make code more readable."
"listadapter","1068","ListAdapter is an Extended Adapter that is the bridge between a ListView or GridView and the data that backs the it. Frequently that data comes from a Cursor, but it could also come from an Array, or List of arbitrary Objects. ListView and GridView can display any data provided that it is wrapped in a ListAdapter."
"handsontable","1068","Handsontable is a composite spreadsheet component for apps and websites written in JavaScript and HTML."
"gridfs","1067","GridFS is a specification for storing large files in MongoDB. All of the mongodb.com supported drivers implement the GridFS spec."
"maven-assembly-plugin","1066","The Assembly Plugin for Maven is primarily intended to allow users to aggregate the project output along with its dependencies, modules, site documentation, and other files into a single distributable archive."
"public-key","1066","Public-key (or asymmetric) cryptography is a form of cryptography that does not require common secrets between the communicating partners."
"colorbar","1066","Questions that include the use and customization of colorbars in figures"
"msdn","1066","Microsoft Developer Network"
"doctype","1065","A doctype declaration defines a document's type definition. It should be the very first thing in an HTML document, before the <html> element. It is used to switch browsers to standards mode, rather than quirks mode."
"kvm","1065","KVM (for Kernel-based Virtual Machine) is a full virtualization solution for Linux on x86 hardware containing virtualization extensions (Intel VT or AMD-V)."
"tm","1065","The `tm` package (shorthand for Text Mining Infrastructure in R) provides a framework for text mining applications within R."
"nearest-neighbor","1065","Nearest neighbors are points (or other objects) in close proximity to a given location in some multi-dimensional space, e.g. a plane. Finding such neighbors lies at the core of several algorithms for various applications."
"tor","1064","Tor is a free open-source application used for internet anonymity and anti-censorship."
"tortoisegit","1064","TortoiseGit is an open-source Windows-based application that allows the Git distributed revision control system to be used directly from Windows Explorer (using context menus). "
"asp.net-identity-2","1064","The second release of the ASP.NET Identity system which was designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems. Use this tag if your question deals specifically to ASP.NET Identity 2 features. The [asp.net-identity] tag should be used if your question is not specific to ASP.NET Identity 2."
"zapier","1064","Zapier is a tool that allows you to connect apps you use every day to automate tasks and save time."
"xcode4.3","1064","Xcode is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE) for Mac OS X and iOS. Xcode 4.3 (4E109) was officially released February 16, 2012. This tag should only be used for questions about this specific version of Xcode itself, and not for general Mac or iPhone OS programming topics. Use [cocoa] for Mac programming questions, or [cocoa-touch] for iOS (formerly iPhone OS) programming questions."
"cdata","1064","CDATA (literally, character data) is data that will not be parsed as markup in XML and SGML documents."
"abstraction","1064","Abstraction is a computer science concept in which an implementation is separated from its interface."
"resque","1063","Resque (pronounced like ""rescue"") is a Redis-backed library for creating background jobs, placing those jobs on multiple queues, and processing them later."
"listviewitem","1063","Represents an item in a ListView control."
"spring-cloud-config","1063","Spring Cloud Config provides server and client-side support for externalized configuration in a distributed system. "
"sumifs","1062","SUMIFS is an Excel function, introduced with Excel 2007 (v12.0), which allows for the summation of values selected according to several criteria – addition is only of cells meeting all the conditions."
"mailto","1061","Mailto is the URI scheme for email addresses. It is used in web pages as a link that opens a new email message to the specified to-address in the user's default email client."
"spam","1059","DO NOT USE THIS TAG ON QUESTIONS THAT ARE SPAM, we have a special flag for that! Questions about bypassing somebody else's spam filter are also not welcome.  And keep in mind that this is a programming Q&A site, not a general computer support site.  Spam is the use/abuse of electronic messaging systems (e.g. e-mail) to send unsolicited bulk messages indiscriminately."
"provisioning","1059","Act of obtaining resources for usage.  "
"paho","1058","Paho is an Eclipse project has been created to provide scalable open-source implementations of open and standard messaging protocols like MQTT aimed at new, exisiting, and emerging applications for Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT). "
"built-in","1058","Built-in functions, modules and classes are standard parts of a programming language or framework."
"mousewheel","1057","A mouse wheel (or scroll wheel) is a hard plastic or rubbery disc (the ""wheel"") on a computer mouse that is perpendicular to the mouse surface. It is used for scrolling."
"headless","1057","Headless systems are those which do not support standard user interface devices, such as monitors, keyboards and mice."
"textblock","1056","TextBlock is a WPF control for displaying small amounts of text."
"custom-component","1056","""custom component"" is a generic term for a manually developed UI component for a component based UI framework. When using JSF, please don't confuse this with ""composite component"", where the component is definied by XHTML using cc:xxx tags instead of by a Java class extending UIComponent."
"steam","1056","Steam is an entertainment platform, payment system, and community for video games. Steam also provides simple API's and OpenID endpoints for user authentication. Use this tag for question relating to Steam or its OpenID endpoint."
"android-framelayout","1056","Android layout that uses the screen to display views that can be stacked on top of each other, with the most recent child added on top."
"ebay-api","1055","Application programming interface for integrating third-party programs with the eBay platform"
"window.open","1055","It is a JavaScript method that opens a new window and loads the document specified by a given URL."
"ios-autolayout","1054","In iOS, Auto Layout dynamically calculates the size and position of all the views in your view hierarchy, based on constraints placed on those views. "
"row-number","1054","An index or rank which indicates a row's position in a data-set."
"survey","1053",""
"drawrect","1053","Method in UIView/NSView class. Draws the receiver’s image within the passed-in rectangle."
"saas","1052","Software as a service (SaaS), or ""on-demand software,"" is a software delivery model in which software and its associated data are hosted centrally and are typically accessed by users using a thin client, normally using a web browser over the Internet. "
"bmp","1052","The BMP File Format, also known as Bitmap Image File or Device Independent Bitmap (DIB) file format or simply a Bitmap, is a Raster graphics image file format used to store bitmap digital images, independently of the display device (such as a graphics adapter), especially on Microsoft Windows and OS/2 operating systems."
"watin","1052","WatiN aims to bring you an easy way to automate web testing with Internet Explorer and Firefox using .Net. Since the start of the project in 2005, WatiN has grown into an easy to use, feature rich and stable framework. WatiN is developed in C# and inspired by Watir."
"rollup","1051","The ROLLUP operator is useful in generating reports that contain subtotals and totals. The ROLLUP operator generates a result set that is similar to the result sets generated by the CUBE operator"
"facebook-page","1051","Facebook Pages are representing real world entities like organizations, businesses, celebrities, and bands to broadcast great information in an official, public manner to people who choose to connect with them. Pages can be enhanced with applications that help the entity communicate and engage with their audiences, and capture new audiences."
"r-raster","1051","raster is an R package for geographic data analysis and modeling. "
"2d-games","1051","2D games are drawn in a two-dimensional space using two-dimensional objects. To represent its position, each game object will have an x and a y coordinate."
"django-staticfiles","1051","A Django app that provides helpers for serving static files."
"javax.imageio","1050","The Java Image I/O API (the javax.imageio package) contains the basic classes and interfaces for reading/writing BufferedImages and RenderedImages from/to image files and streams."
"trie","1050","A tree-like data structure used to hold an associative array, also called a Prefix Tree."
"httpwebresponse","1050","Provides an HTTP-specific implementation of the WebResponse class"
".net-6.0","1050","The current release of Microsoft’s .NET application development framework, which is the successor to .NET 5 release. Use this tag for questions about .NET 6 and .NET 6's formal specification."
"alsa","1049","ALSA stands for Advanced Linux Sound Architecture and is a kernel component that supports sound in Linux systems. "
"agile","1049","QUESTIONS ABOUT SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT METHODS AND PRACTICES OR PROJECT MANAGEMENT ARE OFF-TOPIC. Please consider Software Engineering or Project Management Stack Exchanges for these questions."
"uipangesturerecognizer","1049","UIPanGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for panning (dragging) gestures. The user must be pressing one or more fingers on a view while they pan it. Clients implementing the action method for this gesture recognizer can ask it for the current translation and velocity of the gesture."
"hugo","1048","Hugo is a very fast static site generator written in Go.  Please refer to https://gohugo.io/documentation/ or https://discourse.gohugo.io/ before posting questions here."
"inappbrowser","1048","InAppBrowser is a Cordova api call that provides the ability to spawn a browser instance from a Cordova application. The API is based on standard browser capability."
"scalaz","1048","Scalaz provides type classes and purely functional data structures for Scala"
"voice","1048","A voice in programming may refer to voice synthesis (e.g. transforming text to speech) and voice recognition (e.g. transforming speech to text, voice commands)."
"coldfusion-10","1047","ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe. ColdFusion 10 was released in May 2012. "
"android-cursor","1047","android-cursor is an interface which provides random read-write access to the result set returned by a database query."
"reactiveui","1046","ReactiveUI is a MVVM framework that integrates with the Reactive Extensions"
"box-api","1046","Questions about the API provided by Box, Inc. for their online storage service."
"locationmanager","1046","The LocationManager class in Android provides access to the system location services. These services allow applications to obtain periodic updates of the device's geographical location, or to fire an application-specified Intent when the device enters the proximity of a given geographical location."
"excel-addins","1045","Excel add-ins are self-contained programs that extend or add functionality to Microsoft Office Excel."
"nsoperationqueue","1045","On Mac OS X, the NSOperationQueue class regulates the execution of a set of NSOperation objects."
"infinite","1045","An infinite structure or process is one which does not terminate. Infinite loops or structures may be bugs in certain contexts, but also may be desired behavior, particularly in server-processes or lazy languages."
"diacritics","1045","A Diacritic is ""a mark near or through an orthographic or phonetic character or combination of characters indicating a phonetic value different from that given the unmarked or otherwise marked element"" -- Merriam-Webster"
"signing","1044","A digital signature is a mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document."
"gherkin","1044","Gherkin is the language used to write specifications for Cucumber, Specflow and similar BDD frameworks. It is a business-readable, domain-specific language that lets you describe your software’s behaviour without detailing how that behaviour is implemented."
"gradlew","1044","gradlew is an executable file created by the gradle wrapper plugin, to replace the normal gradle executable for a project"
"callstack","1043","A stack that stores details of the functions called by a program in sequence, so that each function can return on completion to the code that called it."
"robotics","1043","Robotics is the branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, structural disposition, manufacture and application of robots. Robotics is related to the sciences of electronics, engineering, mechanics, and software.  You may also consider asking your question on *robotics* Stack Exchange: https://robotics.stackexchange.com/."
"nant","1043","NAnt is a build tool for .Net, aiming to support all the various versions of the .Net framework, including all versions of Microsoft .NET, Compact Framework and Silverlight, Mono and Moonlight.  Additionally, there is a contribution project called NAntContrib, adding support for additional .Net tools (FxCop, NGen, GacUtil, Wsdl, XSD, MSBuild) and systems like PVCS, StarTeam, Visual SourceSafe, Surround SCM and Microsoft BizTalk. "
"discrete-mathematics","1043","NOTE: Only questions about software development related to discrete mathematics are on topic.    Discrete mathematics is the branch of mathematics concerned with discrete phenomena – as opposed to continuous phenomena like geometry, real analysis, physics, etc.  Typical discrete math topics are discrete probability, combinatorics, graph theory, algorithms and complexity, but also matrices, difference equations, recurrences.   "
"gac","1042","The gac tag is for issues relating to the global assembly cache."
"sqlconnection","1041","Represents an open connection to a SQL Server database."
"global-asax","1041","A special file in the ASP.NET framework, it provides a simplified interface to create hooks into system events in the life cycle of a web application and web pages in that application."
"google-cloud-build","1041","For programming/API questions about Google Cloud Build, a service that executes builds, regardless of language, on the Google Cloud Platform infrastructure."
"string-literals","1040","String literals concern the syntactic representation of literal constant strings in C and C++."
"quill","1040","Quill is a cross-browser rich text editor. It features a complete API allowing granular access and manipulation to the editor and its contents."
"solid-principles","1040","SOLID is an acronym for five principles of object-oriented design introduced or documented by Robert C. Martin. Use this tag on questions regarding any of the individual principles, or their relationships to other OOD concepts. Also use the five individual tags, when applicable."
"alter-table","1039","The ""ALTER TABLE"" is a SQL statement that allows you to make schema changes to a database table (i.e. add, drop or alter columns from an existing table)."
"behavior","1039","Use this tag only when [behavior] is the name of a language/framework construct."
"mulesoft","1039","This tag is not clearly aligned with a specific MuleSoft product. If the question is related to the Mule ESB or Mule Runtime product please use the mule-esb tag instead."
"stub","1037","A replacement implementation for objects, methods, or functions in order to remove external dependencies."
"outliers","1037","An outlier is an observation that appears to be unusual or not well described relative to a simple characterization of a dataset."
"git-flow","1035","The git-flow workflow defines a strict branching model designed around a project release. It provides a robust framework for managing larger projects. Use this tag for help with applying git-flow to your workflow, or for help with the supporting scripts (either the original scripts or the AVH Edition)."
"android-navigation","1035","Designing Effective Navigation: Consistent navigation is an essential component of the overall user experience. Few things frustrate users more than basic navigation that behaves in inconsistent and unexpected ways. "
"modbus","1035","Modbus is a serial communications protocol published by Modicon in 1979 for use with its programmable logic controllers (PLCs). Simple and robust, it has since become a de facto standard communication protocol, and it is now amongst the most commonly available means of connecting industrial electronic devices."
"nose","1035","Nose is an alternate Python unittest discovery and running process. It is intended to mimic the behavior of py.test as much as is reasonably possible."
"performancecounter","1033","PerformanceCounters are indicators for how much work a program does."
"wildfly-8","1033","WildFly 8 is a release in a series of JBoss open-source application server offerings and an implementation of the Java Enterprise Edition 7 Platform specifications. "
"system.reflection","1033","System.Reflection is a namespace of the .NET framework. It contains types that retrieve information about assemblies, modules, members, parameters, and other entities in managed code by examining their metadata."
"spacing","1033","Refers to the blank space (page or screen) between two objects or entities."
"r-package","1033","This tag should be used for questions regarding the development of R packages. Do not use this tag to ask questions about the use of R packages. Many common R packages have their own tags for that purpose. "
"android-proguard","1033","The ProGuard tool shrinks, optimizes, and obfuscates your code by removing unused code and renaming classes, fields, and methods with semantically obscure names. The result is a smaller sized .apk file that is more difficult to reverse engineer."
"qgraphicsview","1032","A QGraphicsView is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides a widget for displaying the contents of a QGraphicsScene."
"shell-exec","1031","The shell_exec() PHP function provides the ability to run shell commands during the execution of a script."
"decompiling","1031","Decompilers analyze binary code outputting source code in a higher level language such as C.  The output is generally not any easier to analyze than the original assembler due to loss of information during compilation."
"maze","1030","A maze is a tour puzzle in the form of a complex branching passage."
"uikeyboard","1030","uikeyboard is an iOS object used to represent a keyboard. Implementors use it to create an interface which approximates a physical keyboard"
"wikipedia-api","1029","Related to the use of the MediaWiki API on Wikipedia. Consider also the tags [wikipedia] if your question isn't about the API or [mediawiki-api] if your question isn't about Wikipedia."
"goto","1029","In imperative programming, a ""go to"" statement is an unconditional jump instruction that changes the flow of control to the point of the program referenced by the ""go to"" statement."
"knapsack-problem","1029","The knapsack problem is a problem in combinatorial optimization: Given a set of items with associated weights and values, determine the number of each item to include in a collection so that the total weight is less than or equal to a given limit and it maximizes the total value. It is an NP-complete problem, but several common simplifications are solved efficiently with dynamic programming."
"express-session","1029","Simple session middleware for Express"
"transactionscope","1028","TransactionScope is a .NET class used to mark a block of code as transactional. It uses an implicit programming model so transactions are managed by the infrastructure, rather than the developer. The class was introduced in .NET 2.0."
"pjsip","1028","Open source implementation of necessary VoIP protocols SIP, RTP, NAT Traversal suitable for desktop and smartphones. Dual-licensed under GPL and proprietary."
"windows-applications","1027","Applications which run on the Windows OS"
"mongodb-java","1027","MongoDB is a scalable, high-performance, open source, document-oriented database. This tag is used for questions related to the Java language bindings and drivers for MongoDB."
"imageicon","1027","An ImageIcon is an implementation of the Icon interface in Java Swing."
"openfiledialog","1027","The OpenFileDialog is a (component) class in the .NET Framework that prompts the user to open one or multiple files."
"dalvik","1027","Dalvik is a virtual machine used by Google's Android operating system. "
"crc","1027","A cyclic redundancy check (CRC) is an error-detecting code commonly used in digital networks and storage devices to detect accidental changes to raw data."
"mapbox-gl","1027","A client-side map rendered with implementations in native platforms utilizing OpenGL."
"backwards-compatibility","1026","Backward compatibility refers to a software or hardware system that can successfully use interfaces and data from earlier versions of the system."
"azure-virtual-network","1026","The Azure Virtual Network allows VPN access to Azure, as well as creating subnets for deploying services in Azure."
"django-south","1026","Tool to provide consistent, easy-to-use and database-agnostic database migrations for Django applications. Deprecated since Django 1.7."
"having","1026","About the HAVING keyword in SQL."
"asp.net-web-api-routing","1025","Questions about routing within ASP.NET Web API framework"
"jtextpane","1025","A Java Swing text component that can be marked up with attributes that are represented graphically."
"extjs3","1024","Ext JS 3 is the third major version of JavaScript library for building Rich Internet Applications (RIA)."
"resourcedictionary","1024","Provides a hash table / dictionary implementation that contains resources - reusable objects (e.g. vector drawings, brushes, colors, control template, data templates etc.) used by application components."
"wpftoolkit","1024","The WPF Toolkit is a collection of WPF features and components that are being made available outside of the normal .NET Framework ship cycle. The WPF Toolkit not only allows users to get new functionality more quickly, but allows an efficient means for giving feedback to the product team."
"unit-of-work","1023","One of the common design patterns in enterprise software development which allows one to maintain a list of objects affected by a business transaction and coordinates the writing out of changes and the resolution of concurrency problems. "
"cil","1022","Common Intermediate Language is the object-oriented assembly language used by the .NET Framework, .NET Core, and Mono. .NET languages compile to CIL, which is assembled into an object code that has a bytecode-style format."
"runtimeexception","1022","RuntimeException is the superclass of those exceptions that can be thrown during the normal operation of the Virtual Machine."
"dart-polymer","1022","polymer.dart is a Dart port of Polymer created and maintained by the Dart team."
"tslint","1021","tslint is a static analysis linter for TypeScript."
"raycasting","1021","A rendering technique to create a 3D perspective in a 2D map"
"cell-array","1021","In MATLAB cell arrays are a built-in container class allowing for the storage of different types of data in each ""cell"" of the array."
"dynamics-365","1021","Use this tag for questions related to programming issues with Microsoft Dynamics 365."
"aws-step-functions","1020","AWS Step Functions facilitates coordination the components of distributed applications and microservices using visual workflows. For example, it is possible to chain multiple AWS Lambda functions, connect them through decision branches or run them in parallel."
"python-typing","1020","For questions related to PEP 484 (Type Hints), PEP 526 (Syntax for Variable Annotations) and the `typing` module."
"qlikview","1020","QlikView is a business intelligence platform created and distributed by Qlik Corporation. The main aim of the platform is to allow users to self-discover the data that they require using fast in-memory analysis via either a Microsoft Windows Application (QlikView Desktop) or via a web portal (QlikView Portal). "
"android-file","1020","Specifically the Android `File` class, but may also refer to the generic concept of files under the Android operating system"
"gnu-screen","1020","screen (GNU Screen) is a full-screen window manager that multiplexes a physical terminal between several processes, typically interactive shells. Before using this tag, read the ""Which site is more appropriate?"" session of the tag wiki."
"variant","1019","A variant data type is a tagged union that holds other data types. It is a standard data type in [ocaml], and typically used for interop calls between languages ([c++] and [vb6]) in classic Microsoft Windows [com] programming. It also exists in other languages using other names, such as [discriminated-unions] or the more general concept of [algebraic-data-types]"
"infopath","1019","InfoPath is a component of the Microsoft Office Suite of applications that allows for the creation of XML based form templates and the collection of structured data."
"mediarecorder","1019","Mediarecorder is the Android class used for recording Audio and Video available since API Level 1.  (For the Web-API, use the [web-mediarecorder] tag instead.)"
"cjk","1019","CJK stands for Chinese, Japanese and Korean and is used to label issues common to these East Asian languages and their large character repertoires."
"nstextfield","1018","NSTextField object belongs to Apple's class. It's a kind of NSControl that displays text that the user can edit or select."
"ghci","1018","GHCi is the interactive environment (REPL) for the Glasgow Haskell Compiler."
"getusermedia","1018","Access to media data streams--webcam video, microphone audio--from browser Javascript. Abbreviated gUM"
"modx","1018","MODX (also known as MODX Revolution) is an open source CMS and web application framework written in PHP, using a MySQL or MSSQL database backend. "
"spaces","1018","The space character, `U+0020`, used to separate words/tokens in most natural and programming languages."
"stdio","1017","This tag is for questions regarding ""Standard I/O"", i.e. I/O using the facilities in the C header <stdio.h> or using the standard streams stdin, stdout, stderr."
"rounded-corners","1017","Name of a user interface design feature which replaces the 90 degree angle formed at the end points of two perpendicular lines."
"opencv-python","1017","THIS TAG IS PENDING REMOVAL. Instead, please use [opencv] and [python] tags. (More information: https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/385792)  This tag is used when asking questions related to OpenCV, exclusively when Python is used as the programming language. The tag does not suit any question pertaining to OpenCV for any other languages"
"swifty-json","1017","SwiftyJSON is a tool to simplify handling JSON data in Swift."
"bottom-sheet","1016","Material design concept - bottom sheets slide up from the bottom of the screen to reveal more content."
"paypal-adaptive-payments","1015","The Adaptive Payments API enables an entity to send money in many different scenarios, from simple to complex. For example, you might build a small send money application for a social networking site or a robust payroll system."
"migrate","1015","Migration is the process of moving data from container to another. This includes migration to and from physical containers (e.g. hard disks) and migration to and from logical containers."
"detect","1014","""Detect"" is overbroad and should not be used. Tag with the specific sort of detection you mean: collision-detection, face-detection, feature-detection, browser-detection, etc, etc."
"cloudera-cdh","1014","For questions specifically about Cloudera's Distribution of Apache Hadoop (CDH). Please look at https://community.cloudera.com/ before posting questions."
"android-viewholder","1014","A ViewHolder object stores each of the component views inside the tag field of the Layout, so you can immediately access them without the need to look them up repeatedly. The ViewHolder pattern is often used in Android applications to improve performances of view access."
"transitions","1014","Transitions are a progression from one state to another, often in user interfaces or state-machines."
"git-checkout","1014","Checkout a branch or file to the current working tree in a Git repo."
"with-statement","1013","A number of languages have With statements. The Python with statement creates a new context, with associated context manager. When the context (a code block) is exited again, the context manager is notified. Please use ""common-table-expression"" for the SQL WITH construction."
"python-c-api","1012","API used by C and C++ programmers who want to write extension modules or embed Python."
"forward-declaration","1012","Forward declarations allow statically-typed programs to indicate the type and name of a symbol without actually defining it."
"armadillo","1012","Armadillo is a linear algebra library for C++ that makes use of template metaprogramming and delayed evaluation."
"easeljs","1012","EaselJS is a JavaScript library for working with the HTML5 canvas element. Part of the CreateJS suite."
"ansi","1011","ANSI stands for American National Standards Institute. Please do not use this tag, see the full tag wiki for alternatives."
"custom-action","1010","A custom action is custom code provided by a developer to be called during a Windows Installer setup. Windows Installer tools (such as WiX, Visual Studio Setup Projects, InstallShield, Wise, Advanced Installer and so on)  provide support for incorporating custom actions into your Windows Installer setup. "
"dlib","1010","Dlib is a modern C++ toolkit containing machine learning algorithms and tools for creating complex software in C++ to solve real world problems. (Source http://dlib.net/)"
"folium","1010","A python wrapper for the geo-mapping Leaflet.js library."
"findbugs","1009","A program which uses static analysis to look for bugs in Java code."
"postscript","1009","PostScript is a Turing-complete page description programming language, designed and developed by Adobe. There are three major releases: PostScript Level 1, released in 1984. PostScript Level 2 (1991) contained several important improvements. PostScript 3 (1997) is the latest version. "
"clob","1008","Character Large Object - data type used in Oracle and IBM DB2 RDBMSes to store strings of character longer than 4000 bytes.  "
"jdialog","1008","The main Java Swing class for creating a dialog window."
"mac-address","1008","A Media Access Control address (MAC address) is a unique identifier assigned to network interfaces for communications on the physical network segment. "
"url-encoding","1008","URL Encoding is a mechanism for encoding information in a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) under certain circumstances."
"rails-migrations","1007","Rails migrations are used to track and apply database alterations in a reversible manner."
"cisco","1007","For software development issues related to Cisco hardware. Networking and configuration questions should be asked on https://networkengineering.stackexchange.com/"
"iso","1007","The International Organization for Standardization is a union of national standardization organizations out of more than 150 countries elaborating standards in nearly all sectors excepted electrics and telecommunications. "
"bounding-box","1007","A Bounding Box is the smallest box that encloses a geometry. There are two common classes of Bounding Boxes that are employed: Oriented Bounding Boxes (OBB), and an Axis-Aligned Bounding Boxes (AABB). Bounding boxes are commonly employed as a cheap way to approximate more complex geometries in a range of applications, including collision detection.  "
"polyline","1006","Polyline in computer graphics is a continuous line composed of one or more line segments."
"insertion-sort","1006","Insertion sort is a sorting algorithm with worst-case time complexity of O(n²) and best-case time-complexity of Θ(n). It builds the final array by moving elements upward into the sorted position, one at a time."
"knockout-2.0","1006","Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern. This tag is for questions specific to the 2.0 releases."
"yup","1006","Yup is a JavaScript object schema validator and object parser based on Joi"
"cakephp-2.1","1005","This tag relates to the 2.1.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework."
"pdb","1005","This tag refers to the Python debugger. For questions pertaining to the protein database file format, use the protein-database tag."
"infinispan","1005","Infinispan is an ASL2 licensed data grid platform for Java and other JVM languages, providing a distributed in-memory cache as well as a clustering toolkit."
"javascript-framework","1004","A JavaScript framework is a library of pre-written JavaScript which allows for easier development of JavaScript-based applications, especially for AJAX and other web-centric technologies."
"myisam","1003","MyISAM is a non-transactional storage engine for MySQL. It provides high-speed storage and retrieval, as well as fulltext searching capabilities. Also, it is the default storage engine type for versions prior to 5.5."
"avaudiosession","1003","This class provides an Objective-C alternative to many features from the C-based Audio Session Services."
"rvalue-reference","1003","An rvalue reference is a new language feature in C++11 representing a reference to an rvalue. Together with reference collapsing, they are used to implement and enable move semantics and perfect forwarding."
"uiactionsheet","1003","UIActionSheet and UIActionSheetDelegate is deprecated in iOS 8. To create and manage action sheets in iOS 8 and later, instead use UIAlertController with a preferredStyle of UIAlertControllerStyleActionSheet.  The UIActionSheet class of the Apple iOS can be used to present to user a modal view with a descriptive text and some buttons the user can choose from. An action sheet displays a set of choices related to a task the user initiates."
"shapeless","1002","shapeless is (an exploration of) a type class and dependent type based generic (aka polytypic/polymorphic) programming library for Scala."
"google-chrome-headless","1002","Chrome Headless is the headless mode of Chrome and Chromium used for automation, testing, and CI scenarios. Use this tag for questions related to the usage of Chrome Headless and the DevTools protocol."
"swift-protocols","1002","Protocols specific to the Swift language"
"ionic5","1001",""
"ttk","1001","Ttk is the themed widget set for the Tk toolkit, previously known as Tile."
"geodjango","1001","GeoDjango intends to be a world-class geographic Web framework. Its goal is to make it as easy as possible to build GIS Web applications and harness the power of spatially enabled data."
"effects","1001","Non functional enhancements of user interaction with a product (most commonly visual and sound)"
"jslint","1000","JSLint is a ""code quality"" tool for JavaScript developed by Douglas Crockford, a well-known developer also responsible for JSON, JSMin, ADSafe and parts of YUI. JSLint is parallel to C's lint."
"xstream","1000","XStream is a simple Java library to serialize objects to XML and back again."
"apt-get","1000","GENERAL APT-GET SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com. apt-get is a command-line tool used to work with Advanced Packaging Tool (APT) of Debian-based Linux distros and for performing actions such as installing or upgrading a package."
"algorithmic-trading","1000","Algorithmic trading is a technique of trading financial assets through an algorithm which has been fully or partially automated into a computer program."
"neovim","1000","Neovim is a fork of Vim that aims to improve upon Vim's out-of-the-box experience and allow for more powerful plugins and GUIs."